


Staples.com® | Customer Service - Policies and Legal



 
































Need Help?


Live Chat

Help Center
Return an Item
Shipping
Contact Us
Product Concierge





					 				Corporate | Federal Government Customers




Store Locator



 Track Order








 SEARCH














 Order by Item #
 Easy Reorder












WELCOME, PLEASE SIGN IN
YOUR ACCOUNT



Sign In

My Account
My Profile
My Orders
My Auto Restock Orders
Favorites Lists
Review My Purchases

Staples Rewards
My Cloud Software
 My Software Downloads

















Deals

Daily Deals
Coupons
Weekly Ad
Clearance
Deals Center
Staples Brand Products













					Products
				



					Electronics
				



					Services
				



					Shop by Industry
				







Ink & Toner





Search by Cartridge or Model Number 




Cartridge Number











Printer Model Number













Can't find what you're looking for? Shop all ink and toner cartridges by brand





Gift Cards


Gift Cards





Office Supplies


Office Supplies


Writing Supplies


Meeting & Presentation Supplies


Desk Organizers & Accessories


Storage & Organization


Office Basics


Boards & Easels


Binders


Style at Staples


Folders & Filing


Backpacks, Bags & Briefcases


Calendars & Planners


Shipping, Packing & Mailing


Notebooks & Pads


Envelopes


Labels


Calculators


Tape & Adhesives


Laminators & Supplies


Stamps & Stamp Pads


Label Makers & Tapes


Erasers & Correction





Paper & Stationery


Paper & Stationery


Copy & Multipurpose Paper


Notebooks & Pads


Awards & Certificates


Novelty Paper


Banner & Poster Paper


Photo Paper & Supplies


Business & Loyalty Cards


POS Paper


Card Stock


Post-Its & Stickies Notes


Colored Paper


Security & Carbon Paper


Digital & Preprinted Forms


Stationery & Invitations


Filler Paper


Thermal Fax Paper


Invitations & Announcements


Wide-Format Paper





Furniture


Furniture


Chairs & Seating


Office Chairs


Premium Office Seating by Steelcase


Chair Mats


Desks


File Cabinets


Storage & Bookcase


Safes & Secure Storage


Carts, Stands, & Racks


Boards & Easels


Lamps & Lighting


Tables


Coat Trees, Stands & Racks


Furniture Collections


Flooring & Floor Mats


Cubicles & Panel Systems


Furniture Research Center





Shipping, Packing & Mailing


Shipping, Packing & Mailing


Shipping & Moving Boxes


Pallet Covers & Sheeting


Corrugated Mailers


Poly Bags & Supplies


Envelopes


Postal Scales & Meters


Paper & Letter Folders


Shipping Labels


Mailing Tubes


Packing Tape


Mailroom Equipment


Strapping Supplies


Packing Peanuts & Bubble Rolls


Stretch & Shrink Wrap


Packing List Envelopes


String & Twine


Padded Mailers





Coffee, Water & Snacks


Coffee, Water & Snacks


Coffee


Tea & Hot Chocolate


K-Cup® Coffee


Soda, Juice & Energy Drinks


Disposable Cups & Plates


Water


Disposable Cutlery


Snacks


Paper Products & Dispensers


Candy


Coffee Makers


Gum & Mints


Coffee Cups, Stirrers & Filters


Edible Gifts


Creamer, Sugar & Sweeteners


Condiments


Breakroom Appliances





Cleaning & Facilities Maintenance 


Cleaning & Facilities Maintenance 


Paper Towels


Air Fresheners & Deoderizers


Toilet Paper


Hand Soaps & Sanitizers


Paper Products & Dispensers


Laundry Detergent & Fabric Care


Cleaning Chemicals & Disinfectants


Dish Soap & Detergent


Cleaning Tools


Pest Control


Mops & Brooms


Batteries & Chargers


Sponges & Cleaning Brushes


Power Management


Trash Bags


Safety & Traffic Signs


Trash Cans & Recycling Bins


Ladders & Step Stools





Safety Supplies


Safety Supplies


Eye Protection & Safety


Personal Protective Equipment


First Aid & Wound Care


Pest Control


Fall Protection


Power Strips, Cords & Plugs


Fire, Gas & Water Protection


Safety Signs


Light Bulbs


Safety Storage


Lubricants & Penetrants


Sorbents & Spill Control


Machine Fluids


Tapes & Adhesives


Material Handling


Tools & Parts


Traffic Safety





Copy & Print


Copy & Print


Business Cards


Shipping Services


Custom Stamps


Copies & Documents


Invitations & Announcements


Engineering Prints


Stationery


Signs & Banners


Envelopes


Marketing Materials


Return Address Labels


Promotional Products


Apparel


Brochures


Wall Art


Flyers


Personalized Gifts


Name Badges & Tags


Calendars


Postcards


Customized Photo Cards


Posters


Business Forms & Checks


And more…





Arts & Crafts


Arts & Crafts


Art Paper & Rolls


Painting 


Craft Kits & Accessories


Scrapbooking


Craft Lighting & Magnifiers


Sewing & Needle Arts


Crafts Storage


Wedding Decorations & Supplies


Drawing





Homewares & Appliances


Homewares & Appliances


Appliances


Kitchen


Decor


Lamps & Lighting


Dining & Entertainment


Paint & Paint Supplies


Heating, Cooling & Air Quality


Rugs





See More . . . 


See More . . . 


Books & Magazines


Outdoors & Recreation


Clothing, Shoes & Accessories


Party Supplies


Eco-conscious Products


Personal Care & Eyewear


Fitness


School Uniforms


Gifts, Games & Toys


Shark Tank® Products


Lab Supplies


Luggage, Totes & Travel Accessories











Apple®


Apple®


iPad®


iPhone®


Apple® Accessories


iPod®





Laptop & Desktop Computers


Laptop & Desktop Computers


Laptops


Computer Monitors


Desktop Computers


Keyboards & Mice


Touchscreen Laptops


Computer Accessories


Business Laptops


Computer Parts


Refurbished Laptops


Servers & Accessories


Business Desktop Computers


Software


Refurbished Desktop Computers


Computer Cleaning & Maintenance





Tablets & iPads


Tablets & iPads


Tablets


iPad Accessories


Microsoft Surface


Samsung Galaxy


Amazon Fire


Apple iPad


Tablet Accessories


E-Readers


E-Reader Accessories


Kindle Accessories


Tablet Research Center





Cell Phones & Accessories


Cell Phones & Accessories


Cell Phones


Cell Phone Cases


Cell Phone Screen Protectors


Docks & Mounts


Cables & Connectors


Bluetooth Headsets


Charms, Stickers & Photography


Cell Phone Tools


iPhone 6® Accessories





Printers & Scanners


Printers & Scanners


All-in-One Printers


3D Printing


Laser Printers


Dot Matrix Printers


Inkjet Printers


Printer Stands & Accessories


Wireless Printers


HP® Instant Ink & Printers


Photo Printers


Scanners


Supertank Printers


Scanner Accessories


Shop All Printers


Printer Research Center





Hard Drives & Data Storage


Hard Drives & Data Storage


USB Flash Drives


Disc Drives & Burners


External Hard Drives


Disc Duplicators


Internal Hard Drives


Hard Drive Enclosures


Solid State Drives


Hard Drive Accessories


Flash Memory Cards & Sticks


Media Cases & Wallets


NAS / Cloud Storage


Blank Media


Digital Storage Selector Tool





Wearable Technology


Wearable Technology


Pedometers & Fitness Trackers


Sports & Handheld GPS


Smart Watches


Camera Glasses


Heart Rate Monitors


Health Sensors & Motion Controllers


Action Cameras





Networking & Wifi


Networking & Wifi


Routers


Cables


Adapters & Access Points


Firewalls


Wireless Extenders & Repeaters


Network Adapters


Apple® Airport WiFi


Network Testing Tools


Network Transceivers


Ethernet Switches


Networking Accessories


Switch Accessories


Power Distribution Units


NAS / Cloud Storage


Powerline Adapters


Modems


RAID Controllers





Software


Software


Accounting & Finance Software


Video Editing & Music Software


Business & Productivity Software


Operating System Software


Education & Language Learning Software


PC Games Software


Hobbies & Personal Interest Software


Photo Editing & Graphic Design Software


Antivirus & Internet Security Software





Shredders & Office Machines


Shredders & Office Machines


Shredders


Shredder Accessories


Projectors & Accessories


Home Theater Projectors


Calculators


Label Makers & Tapes


Headsets & Microphones


Copiers


Fax Machines


Telephones


PA Systems


Point of Sale (POS) Equipment





Audio, TV & Streaming Media


Audio, TV & Streaming Media


Audio


Streaming Media Players


TV & Video


DVD & Blu-Ray Players


Headphones


Speakers, Docks & MP3 Players


Musical Instruments


Home Theater Audio


DJ & Sound Equipment





Gaming & Electronics


Gaming & Electronics


Phones & Accessories


Cameras & Camcorders


Gaming


Office Electronics


GPS


Surveillance & Security Cameras


Batteries & Power


Radios





Home Automation


Home Automation


Staples Connect


Lighting


Amazon Echo


Serena Shades


Thermostats & Outlet Control


Learn More about Home Automation


Cameras & Sensors


Learn more about Staples Connect


Door Locks & Security


Learn more about Amazon Echo





Network Storage


Network Storage











Copy & Print


Copy & Print


Business Cards


Shipping Services


Custom Stamps


Copies & Documents


Invitations & Announcements


Engineering Prints


Stationery


Signs & Banners


Envelopes


Marketing Materials


Return Address Labels


Giveaways


Apparel


Brochures


Wall Art


Flyers


Personalized Gifts


Name Badges & Tags


Calendars


Postcards


Customized Photo Cards


Posters


Business Forms & Checks


And more…





Promotional Products


Promotional Products


Apparel


Awards


Technology


Food & Drink


Drinkware


Trade Show


Writing Instruments


Healthcare


Bags & Totes


Giveaways


Uniforms


New Products & Ideas


Headwear & Caps





Staples Business Loans


Staples Business Loans


Staples Business Loans





Staples Credit Center


Staples Credit Center


Staples Business Account


Staples Commercial Account


Staples Personal Account





Staples Merchant Services


Staples Merchant Services


Credit Card Processing





Shipping Services


Shipping Services


Shipping Services


U.S. Postal Service


UPS


Shipping, Packing & Mailing





Recycling & Eco-Services


Recycling & Eco-Services


Start greening your office





Technology Services


Technology Services


PC Tune Up


Software Installation


Virus & Malware Removal


Hardware Installation


Virus Protection


Support My Devices


Data Recovery


Tech Trade-In


Back Up Files


Service Plans


Set-up My Device


Recycling Services


Configure My Network


Cloud Software Apps





Design Services


Design Services


Design Services





SquareTrade Service Plans


SquareTrade Service Plans


PCs & Laptops


Electronics


Tablets & eReaders


Printers


Furniture 





Business Hub


Business Hub


Technology


Management


Sales & Marketing


Finance & Legal


Operations





Cloud Software


Cloud Software


Security


Collaboration & Project Management


Online Backup


Finance, Accounting & Payroll


Web Conferencing


Sales, Marketing & Customer Mgmt


Office Productivity


Human Resources











Retail Store Supplies


Retail Store Supplies


Save as My Industry



Point of Sale


Store Fixtures


Backroom Supplies


Store Operations


Cash Handling


Store Security


Pricing & Tagging


Time Clocks


Retail Packaging


Garden & Nursery


Retail Signs


Sewing & Tailoring


Sign Holders


Spa & Salon


Store Displays


Retail Resource Center





Restaurant Supplies


Restaurant Supplies


Save as My Industry



Tabletop


Restaurant Furniture


Smallwares


Restaurant Apparel


Restaurant Equipment


Custom Restaurant Supplies


Restaurant Storage & Transportation


Pizza & Concession Supplies


Restaurant Systems


Bar Supplies


Restaurant Signage


Disposables


Restaurant Janitorial


See All … 





Education Supplies


Education Supplies


Save as My Industry



Arts & Crafts


Grade Books & Seating Charts


Backpacks, Bags & Briefcases


Hall Passes


Bulletin Boards & Signs


Musical Instruments


Classroom & Kids Tables


Physical Education


Classroom Storage & Lockers


Puzzles & Manipulatives


Decorations


Rewards & Incentives


Flip Charts


School Uniforms


Globes, Maps & Flags


Writing Supplies





Healthcare Supplies


Healthcare Supplies


Diagnostic & Exam Instruments


OTC Pharmaceuticals & Supplements


Exam Room Supplies


Patient Communication


Healthcare Apparel


Patient Lift & Transfer


Infection Control


Personal & Long Term Care


Medical Filing & Organization


Practice Front Desk Supplies


Medical Gloves


Respiratory


Medical Practice Furniture


Surgical Supplies


Nursing Supplies


Urology & Ostomy


Orthopedics


Wound Care












Close X

Sign In

New Customer ? Start Here.





  













 





 











SAVE AN ADDITIONAL 






















 New day. New Daily Deals. Get them before they are gone!


WEEKLY AD










Help Center Main Policies and Legal




Help Center Main
Shipping & Returns
Policies & Legal
Order Support
Price Match Guarantee
Staples Rewards® Program
F.A.Q.'s
Product Concierge
Trusted Suppliers
Contact Us






Live Customer SupportAvailable Monday - Friday8AM - 8PM ESTPop ups must be enabled




Need help?
Call Customer Support
1 (800) STAPLES




EmailQuestions? Concerns?Feel free to drop us a quick note.
		



Follow Us on TwitterGot a question or want to see the latest Staples news, deals & more? Follow us @Staples!
		


Call 1-800-378-2753Have a question or just want to place an order? We're at your service.
	

Find A Store Near YouGet store hours, phone numbers, driving directions and more.









Policies and Legal



Policies and Legal

Price Match

Does Staples have a Price-Match Guarantee?
Yes, we do. If you find a lower price on a new identical item, just show us the lower price when you buy the item at Staples or within 14 days of your Staples purchase, and we will match the price or give you the difference.
Our full Price-Match Guarantee is available when you place an order, or is available by calling 800-333-3330. For an in-store price match, please see an associate at our customer service desk. This policy is subject to change without notice.
Which competitors will Staples price match?
Staples® retail stores will price match prices at competitors' brick-and-mortar retail stores and at staples.com®.
Staples.com will price match select competitors' Web sites as well as Staples retail stores. These select competitors are Amazon, Best Buy, Costco, Dell, HP, Office Depot, OfficeMax, Quill, Medical Arts Press, Reliable, Sam's Club, Walmart, W.B. Mason and Xerox. Items must be sold and shipped by one of these competitors.
Which items does Staples price match?
We price match almost everything we sell. The item must be identical, including model number, components and U.S. warranty. The item must be in stock and available for purchase at that price from an authorized U.S. reseller, whose authorization we reserve the right to verify. For wireless phones and other items with a service plan, only in-store purchases are eligible for price match. The plan, provider and other terms must be the same. Products and services purchased online at our mobile phone sales and service site are not eligible for price match.
Are there any items and services that aren't available for Price Match?
We don't price match to competitors' or our own local special events (e.g., grand opening, anniversary, clearance, timed sales or liquidation sales). We don't price match our Staples® EasyTechsm tech services; our third-party providers' products and services (e.g., custom printing) or items sold on auction sites; taxes; warranties; typographical errors; gift cards or merchandise credits.
How do Staples coupons and rebates contribute to the Staples Price Match?
All coupons and rebates (including Staples dollars off, reward redemption codes, gift checks, Easy Rebates® and mail-in rebates, and instant savings) are deducted from the price of the Staples product when calculating a price match.
When calculating a price match, we'll deduct any available Staples coupons and/or Staples Rebates (rewards, dollars off, instant savings, Easy Rebates and mail-in rebates) from the Staples price to arrive at a net price. For example, if you buy an item from us for $200, use $20 in Staples Rewards® and there is a $20 instant savings, the net price is $160. If another company's price is $160 or more, the price match will not be approved, as the Staples price is equivalent or better. Another example: If you buy an item from us for $159 and you have a coupon for $25 off a $100 order, as well as a $20 mail-in rebate, the net price is $114. If another company's price is $110, your price match savings would be $4.
What does “proration of coupons” mean?
Proration of coupons means that the dollars-off coupons (Staples coupons, rewards, gift checks) are proportionally deducted from the prices of items on an order.
What effect will the proration of coupons have on a price match?
The prorated discount from all coupons on the order will be used when calculating the Staples price. The application of coupons can mean a specific purchase won't qualify for price match. Similarly, a purchase that has a price match discount may no longer be eligible for a coupon if the adjusted order total no longer meets the coupon's minimum requirements.
Will Staples match a competitor's price for a product where the competitor also offers an instant rebate, mail-in rebate, gift check or gift card, or free or discounted item?
If a competitor offers a product that comes with an instant rebate, mail-in rebate, gift check/gift card or similar discounts, we will not take these discounts into account. If a competitor offers a product that comes with a free or discounted item, and Staples does not carry the free or discounted item, we will only match the price you pay at the point of purchase, and will not take the free or discounted item into account.
Are delivery charges included in the price match?
This depends on whether your staples.com® order will receive free shipping and whether the competitor's order offers free shipping.
If your staples.com order will receive free shipping, and the competitor's order will receive free shipping, we will price match the product without considering shipping charges. If your staples.com order will receive free shipping and the competitor order will not receive free shipping, we will include an appropriate shipping charge in the competitor's price before calculating the price match.
If your staples.com order does not receive free shipping, and the competitor's order offers free shipping, we will deduct the Staples shipping charge from the competitor's price, so that the Staples price match item total is the same as what the competitor is selling the product for.
Are quantities limited on price matched products?
We may limit the quantity we sell of the price matched item, particularly if the other company has set a limit. In addition, we reserve the right to limit quantities sold to a customer.



Returns Policy

What is your return policy?
If you're not 100% satisfied with your Staples® purchase, you can return it for any reason.
Your purchase must be returned in salable condition with the original packaging, including Universal Product Code (UPC), manuals, parts and your receipt or packing slip.

What can and cannot be returned?
Office Supplies
No matter when you made your purchase, you can return office supplies to us for a full refund, including Staples® brand office products.
Software
Unopened boxed software that we currently sell may be returned for a full refund at any time. Opened software can only be exchanged for the same title version. Downloadable software is not returnable or refundable.
Technology and Business Machines
Technology and business machines — such as computers, digital cameras, printers and tablets — may only be returned within 14 days of the date of receipt, including Staples® brand technology and business machine products.
AppleCare+
Customers who purchased an AppleCare+ Protection Plan at Staples may return to Staples to cancel AppleCare within 30 days to receive a full refund. Staples cannot cancel AppleCare+ for customers who purchased the AppleCare elsewhere. All requests to cancel AppleCare+ beyond 30 days must be directed to Apple to receive a pro-rated refund.
Furniture
Furniture, including Staples® brand furniture, may only be returned within 14 days of the date of receipt. Custom-ordered and custom-assembled furniture is only returnable if it's defective when you receive it.
Ink and Toner Cartridges
Unopened and unexpired ink or toner cartridges, currently carried in our U.S. stores, may be returned at any time for a full refund.
Prepaid Cards
Gift cards and phone cards are nonrefundable and nonreturnable. They are valid only at the retailer/service provider listed on the card. Prepaid cards cannot be redeemed for cash. Specific terms and conditions are included with each card.
Refund Policy
Your purchase must be returned in saleable condition with the original packaging, including Universal Product Code (UPC), manuals, parts, and your receipt or packing slip.

I no longer have my receipt. Can I still return something?
If you're returning your item to the same store at which you made the purchase, and you have the credit or debit card you used to make the purchase, we can look up your receipt.
If it was an online order, you can look it up in the My Orders section and reprint your receipt.
If you no longer have your receipt and we cannot locate your transaction information, your return is eligible only for an in-store credit for the lowest selling price within the previous 30 days in our U.S. stores. A valid government identification is required for all returns made without a receipt.
We carefully monitor returns, and in some cases, returns made without a receipt may be refused. Staples reserves the right to deny any return.
If you ordered through our catalog or staples.com®, you can also have us pick up your return — send us an email or call 800-333-3330. For delivered items, we'll refund your delivery charges if the item is defective.



Rebates

How do I redeem a rebate offer?
There are two ways to redeem a rebate offer:
Staples® Easy Rebates®
Now you can submit most rebates online — no clipping, no mailing, no hassles. Easy Rebates are available on products purchased in Staples stores, through our catalog and online at staples.com.
Look for Easy Rebate products every time you shop. They're identified by the phrase "Easy Rebate" in the product description. When you're ready to submit your Easy Rebate, go to www.stapleseasyrebates.com and enter the required information right online. You won't have to clip out UPC codes or mail in receipts. You'll even receive emails keeping you posted on your rebate status, with links to the Track Status page online. Best of all, you'll receive your rebate faster than ever — within 4 to 6 weeks.
Note: Certain products, including most software titles, are not eligible for online submission. Any products excluded from the online submission process will be advertised as qualifying for a "mail-in rebate" versus an "Easy Rebate."
Mail in Rebates
Mail-in rebates are easy to redeem too. You can find and print rebate forms, and even track the status of your mail-in rebates, at www.stapleseasyrebates.com.
Because many rebate offers require original sales receipts and rebate forms, it's important to make copies of both and keep them with your records. Should a problem arise with your rebate redemption, having these copies will make it easy for us to resolve the issue.
If you purchased a rebate item through our catalog or at staples.com and a receipt is required as Proof of Purchase, you should use the packing slip that was included in your order as your receipt.
If you have questions about your rebate, please call 877-266-6483 Monday through Friday 7:00 am to 12:00 am ET, Saturday 8:00 am to 12:00 am ET, and Sunday 10:00 am to 12:00 am ET.



Shipping & Delivery Policy

What is your delivery policy?
An estimated delivery date will be provided after your order is placed. These dates vary due to carrier shipping practices, delivery location and the items you order. Products may be delivered in separate shipments.
Delivery dates noted apply to orders placed by 5:00 pm local time (or 4:00 pm local time in stores and in limited locations across the country) and where credit approval and product availability are confirmed by 5:00 pm on the same business day that the order is placed. (Note: Business days are defined as Monday through Friday, except holidays.) Items shipped direct from the vendor may require an earlier order placement time. You will be notified of the estimated delivery date in a confirmation email. (Not available for in-store orders unless email address is submitted.)
Staples® catalog, Web site and U.S. retail businesses are operated within the contiguous United States for customers within the U.S. and therefore do not ship or bill to international addresses. (For more about shopping internationally, click here.) Staples delivers to street addresses (not P.O. Boxes or APO/FPO) in the contiguous United States only.
Certain Staples items originate directly from carefully selected vendors and manufacturers. In many instances, delivery personnel will deliver your order to your entrance. Other items are prestocked at warehouses around the country and delivered by a common carrier. For these items, a loading dock is needed. If one is not available, delivery personnel will bring your order to the tailgate of the truck; you will be responsible for unloading the items and bringing them into your building.
How do I get free delivery
Free delivery is available for all Staples Rewards® members, all orders placed on the in-store kiosk, and all online orders of $45 or more — excluding orders made at documents.staples.com, print.staples.com, staplespromotionalproducts.com, and third-party Web sites linked to staples.com®. You can also have your order delivered to one of our retail stores for no charge.
Does Staples deliver to “Mail Drop” locations?
A Mail Drop location is an address where a business or service accepts mail deliveries on behalf of a customer. Staples will deliver to Mail Drop locations such as a UPS® store (formerly Mail Boxes Etc.). However, Staples is unable to deliver to P.O. Boxes or APO/FPO addresses, which are military overseas mail drops.



US Privacy Policy

At Staples, your privacy is as important to us as it is to you. Our Customer Personal Information Privacy Policy defines how Staples protects your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes:

Why we collect Personal Information
What Personal Information we collect and when it is collected
How your Personal Information is used and protected
When and with whom your Personal Information is shared
What to do if you feel your Personal Information has been compromised

This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services and Web sites offered by Staples, Inc., our subsidiaries and affiliated companies. Staples offers many different Web sites for many different business purposes. As this Privacy Policy applies to all of our Web sites, they are collectively referred to as “Web site” throughout this policy. The Web site is also governed by its Terms of Use. If any of the terms of this Privacy Policy directly conflict with the Terms of Use, the terms of this Privacy Policy will apply.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our Web site or write to us at:
privacy@staples.com
OR
Privacy and Compliance
        Staples
        500 Staples Drive, Framingham, MA 01702
Information We Collect
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information, which is information that Staples collects from you as a customer that specifically identifies you as an individual. This information is collected to provide you with the products and services you have requested as well as to provide a pleasant shopping experience now and to improve your shopping experience in the future.
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information, which is information that Staples collects from you as a customer that specifically identifies you as an individual. This information is collected to provide you with the products and services you have requested as well as to provide a pleasant shopping experience now and to improve your shopping experience in the future.
While we limit the information we collect, we do collect Personal Information when you:

Place an order from our catalogs or on our Web site
Create an account on our Web site
Make a purchase at one of our retail stores
Return an item, make an exchange or submit a rebate
Inquire about our products or services or contact customer service
Request a catalog
Receive a gift package
Sign up for Staples email updates or other promotional materials
Enter a contest or sweepstakes
Are referred to us through a marketing promotion
Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event
Apply for a Staples credit card account

In order to provide our full range of services, we may collect Personal Information including:

Name
Address
Telephone number
Fax number
Email address
Transaction information
Credit card, debit card or checking account information
Driver's license number and expiration date (in conjunction with merchandise returns and credit checks)
Age/date of birth (in conjunction with promotions, for credit card applications and credit checks)
Social Security number (in conjunction with credit applications only)
Employment history (in conjunction with credit applications only)

In order to provide you with a better shopping experience and to improve the quality of our services, we may combine the information you submit under your account with other information that we may receive from you, or from third parties, or with other public demographic information. We maintain this information, along with a record of your purchases, in a restricted database.
There are some services provided by Staples that require us to become temporary custodians of your equipment that may contain your Personal Information. These services typically involve a personal computer. Staples does not retain information from these devices once the requested services are complete.
Also, our Web site is not directed at collecting Personal Information from children and we do not actively collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13.
How We Use the Information We Collect
At Staples, we always want to provide you with the easiest and best possible shopping experience from the time you begin looking for products and services through the delivery of your requested items. The information that we collect lets us meet this goal by allowing us to:

Customize your shopping experience
Confirm, process and track your orders
Provide the products and services you request
Contact you with questions or status updates regarding an order
Deliver merchandise and services that you purchase online
Fulfill gift card orders
Respond to your customer service inquiries or requests
Identify your product and service preferences
Communicate great values and featured items to you
Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you
Send you Staples email updates
Improve our merchandise selection, Web site, retail experience and customer service
Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased
Prevent or mitigate fraud and credit risk
Administer billing and payment for your purchases
Administer promotions, contests, sweepstakes and rewards programs
Administer branded credit cards
Comply with applicable law, legal procedures, requirements, regulations and statutes

Staples does offer some of our services in connection with affiliated companies as well as other third parties. Third-party Web sites may have different privacy practices than described in this Privacy Policy. We strongly encourage you to read the privacy policies associated with third-party Web sites as this Privacy Policy applies only to the Staples Web site, Staples' services and Staples' handling of Personal Information.
Personal Information that you provide to third-party Web sites may be sent to Staples in order to deliver the services you have requested. You can be assured that we will process Personal Information that we receive from these Web sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Choices for Personal Information
To further improve your shopping experience, Staples partners with third-party vendors to evaluate how the Web site is used and to provide continuous improvement for our services. Like most Web sites, we use "cookies" for a variety of purposes to improve your visits to the Web site. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to the hard drive on your computer for record-keeping purposes. For example, we use cookies to understand which Web pages are visited and how often they are visited, to remember you when you return to the Web site, and to generally make the Web site more user friendly.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You may decide to reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do decide to refuse all cookies, please be aware that some Web site features and Staples services may be unavailable or may not function properly.
To opt out of Staples advertising-related cookies, follow the links for our partners below:
Omniture:

General cookie tracking opt-out: http://www.omniture.com/en/privacy/product#optout
Customized content display opt-out: Targeting Opt-out
More information: http://www.omniture.com/en/privacy/product

Doubleclick:

http://www.doubleclick.com/com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy/

Choices for Receiving Promotional Material
You may also decide to opt out of receiving promotional mail and/or email from Staples. Simply notify us of this decision by one of these methods:

Follow the unsubscribe link on any promotional email received from Staples
Send an email to us at support@orders.staples.com
Call us toll free at 800-333-3330
Fax us toll free at 877-490-2660
Write to us at

Staples Direct Marketing Services
        500 Staples Drive
        Framingham, MA 01702
Please note that any opt-out request sent via postal mail may take at least sixty (60) days to become effective. You may still receive email or postal mail from other affiliated companies and third parties if they have received your email or postal address from sources other than Staples or as a result of their own transactions or experiences with you. You will also continue to receive email or postal mail if you request to hear from us again at a later date.
Information Sharing
In the normal course of business, Staples shares Personal Information with third parties. We do this in the following limited circumstances:

Personal Information is provided to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other third parties for the purpose of processing the information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process this information based on our instructions and requirements consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose Personal Information as reasonably necessary to: (a) satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, © detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of Staples, its customers or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may disclose a customer's name, phone number, postal address and/or ordering information to carefully selected third parties for marketing purposes so that they may notify individuals of offers or services that may be of interest. We do not provide credit card or other financial information for marketing purposes.
We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-Personal Information, such as how many customers viewed a particular product or Web page. Such information would not identify you individually.

We may disclose and/or transfer Personal Information to a third party in connection with a merger, acquisition or sale (including any transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving Staples or its affiliated companies or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock or asset sale, or other change in corporate control.
Information Security
Staples processes Personal Information only for the purposes for which it was collected. The information is processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy, any additional privacy notices that may be associated with the service we are supplying, applicable law, or your authorization or consent.
Staples maintains reasonable and appropriate standards to safeguard your Personal Information.
When you enter Personal Information that contains a Social Security number, driver's license number, or credit or debit card number in the designated and secured sections of our Web site, the information will be encrypted or encoded before it is sent over the Internet. Personal Information that we collect and maintain is subject to physical, administrative and technical controls that are consistent with recognized industry standards.
Staples processes Personal Information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries. In some cases, we may process your Personal Information on a server outside your own country in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
Data Integrity
Staples takes reasonable steps to verify that the Personal Information we store and process is accurate, complete and current. We also depend on our customers to update or correct their online profiles and to contact us with changes in Personal Information whenever necessary by one of the following means:

Follow the unsubscribe link or Update Your Email Preferences link on any promotional email received from Staples
Send an email to us at support@orders.staples.com
Call us toll-free at 800-333-3330
Fax us toll-free at 877-490-2660
Write to us at

Staples Direct Marketing Services
        500 Staples Drive
        Framingham, MA 01702
Unless otherwise required by law or for legitimate business purposes, we will make good-faith efforts to correct or delete such data at your request when you notify us of an error or change in your Personal Information. To prevent unauthorized changes to someone's Personal Information, we ask individual customers to positively identify themselves before processing such requests.
We reserve the right to charge a small fee to process any request to update, correct or delete Personal Information. We also may decline to process requests that require a disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).
Policy Enforcement
Staples regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Staples' treatment of Personal Information to us through the Web site or by writing to us at the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document.
If we receive a written complaint, it is Staples' policy to contact the customer regarding his or her concerns. We will investigate complaints promptly and diligently to address your concerns and resolve any dispute quickly.
What to Do if You Believe Someone Has Improperly Used Your Personal Data
If you believe that someone has improperly accessed or used your personally identifiable information supplied to Staples or has made purchases at Staples that you did not authorize, please contact us immediately.
Here are some additional things that you can do to protect yourself from identity theft if you think that your Personal Information has been compromised:

Review Your Account Statements. Carefully review your bank, credit card and other account statements every month to ensure that all of your account activity is valid. Report any questionable charges promptly and in writing to the card or account issuer.
Check Your Credit Report. Check your credit report periodically to ensure that all your information is correct. You can obtain a free credit report once per year by visiting www.annualcreditreport.com or by calling 877-322-8228. Carefully reviewing your credit report can help you spot problems and address them quickly. If you have any questions about your credit report or notice any inaccuracies, contact the relevant consumer reporting agency promptly at the telephone number listed on the report.

Fraud Alert. Consider placing a fraud alert on your credit file. The fraud alert requests that creditors contact you before opening any new accounts or increasing credit limits on your existing accounts. You can place a fraud alert on your credit file by contacting one of the three consumer reporting agencies listed below. You need to contact only one of the three agencies; the one you contact is required by law to contact the other two. You will receive confirmation letters in the mail and then will be able to order a credit report from each of the three agencies, free of charge. The fraud alert will remain in your credit file for at least 90 days.

                

Equifax
Experian
TransUnion


P.O. Box 740241
                        Atlanta, GA 30374
                        800-525-6285
P.O. Box 9532
                        Allen, TX 75013
                        888-397-3742
P.O. Box 6790
                        Fullerton, CA 92834
                        800-680-7289


www.equifax.com
www.experian.com
www.transunion.com





Consult the Federal Trade Commission. For more guidance on steps you can take to protect your information, you also can contact the Federal Trade Commission at www.ftc.gov/idtheft, or at 877-ID-THEFT (877-438-4338), or at the Identity Theft Clearinghouse, Federal Trade Commission, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20580.

International Considerations and Safe Harbor
Staples complies with the U.S.–EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.–Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of Personal Information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Staples has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Staples's certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.
For California Residents Privacy Rights under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84
California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 give California residents the right to ask us for a notice describing the categories of Personal Information we share with affiliated companies or third parties for their direct marketing purposes. The notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it has been shared, along with their names and addresses. Please allow 30 days for a response. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified by its effective date found at the top of this document.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us anytime through this Web site or at the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document.



Terms & Conditions

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY. THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ("T&C") MAY HAVE CHANGED SINCE YOUR LAST VISIT TO THE SITE. BY USING THE SITE, YOU INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE T&C. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE T&C, THEN DO NOT USE THE SITE.
Staples.com ("Site") is owned by Staples, Inc. ("Staples") and is currently provided free of charge to users who agree to abide by these T&C. Staples reserves the right to change the nature of this relationship at any time, and to revise these T&C from time to time as Staples sees fit. Users who violate these T&C will have their access canceled and they may permanently be banned from using the Site. Users should check these T&C periodically. By using the Site after we post changes to these T&C, you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you actually reviewed them.
USERS/PARTICIPANTS
We do not discriminate on the basis of age, race, national origin, gender, sexual orientation or religion.
No person under the age of 13 should use the Site without the consent of their parent or legal guardian. We strongly encourage all parents and guardians to monitor the Internet use of their children. Use of the Site by any user shall be deemed to be a representation that the user is 13 years of age or older.
COOKIES
"Cookies" are small encrypted data files (containing references to user ID information supplied by the user and stored on our secure server) that may write to your hard drive once you have accessed a Web site. Staples uses cookies to enhance your shopping experience with us. Cookies are used to keep track of your shopping cart and to save your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site. To learn more about how we protect customer information, please review our Privacy Statement.
COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS & RESTRICTIONS
The material included herein, including site design, text, graphics and the selection and arrangement thereof are copyrighted © by Staples, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Staples.com®, Staples®, that was easy®, other trademarks and all page headers, custom graphics and custom icons are service marks and trademarks of Staples the Office Superstore, LLC. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.
The Site and all materials on the Site, including, but not limited to, images, illustrations, posts, audio clips and video clips (the "Materials") are the property of Staples and its affiliates and licensors and are protected from unauthorized copying and dissemination by copyrights that are owned or licensed by Staples and by copyright law, trademark law, international conventions and other intellectual property laws. You may not reproduce, perform, create derivative works from, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way whatsoever any Materials from the Site (or any other Web site owned or operated by Staples or its subsidiaries or affiliates) without Staples' prior written permission. However, you may print in hard copy portions of the Site with the sole intent of placing an order with Staples or applying for credit. Printing Materials for any other reason, or transferring Materials for use on any other Web site, or the modification, distribution or republication of Materials without Staples' prior written permission is strictly prohibited. Any modification of Materials, or any portion thereof, or use of Materials for any other purpose constitutes an infringement of trademark or other proprietary rights of Staples or third parties.
LINKS
Staples is not responsible for the content of any unaffiliated Web sites that may be linked to or from the Site. These links are provided for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. Any other Web site accessed from the Site is independent from Staples, and Staples has no control over the content of that other Web site. In addition, a link to any other Web site does not imply that Staples endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of such other Web site. In no event shall any reference to any third party or third-party product or service be construed as an approval or endorsement by Staples of that third party or of any product or service provided by a third party.
PRIVACY ISSUES
Staples is concerned about privacy matters for its customers. To learn more about how we protect customer information, please review our Privacy Statement.
PRODUCT AND SERVICES INFORMATION
Most products (and some services) offered on the Site are available in select Staples stores throughout the United States; however, prices and availability may vary. Prices shown on the Site apply to products and services on the Site. Price and availability are subject to change without notice.
We attempt to display all products shown on the Site in an accurate manner; however, because of the technical differences in the equipment of our customers, we cannot be responsible for photographic differences in size, shape and color of the products.
The receipt of an email order confirmation is simply a recognition that we have received your requested order, and does not constitute an offer to sell. We reserve the right to limit the quantity of any item sold, or prohibit a sale altogether, including but not limited to prohibiting sales to resellers.
NOTICE AND TAKE-DOWN PROCEDURES
If you believe any Materials on the Site infringe your copyright or trademark rights, you may request such Materials be removed by following the notice and take-down procedures of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. To follow those procedures, contact Staples' copyright agent (identified below) and provide the following information:
A clear statement identifying the works or other Materials believed to be infringed.
A statement from the copyright holder or authorized representative that the Materials are believed to be infringing.
Sufficient information about the location of the allegedly infringing Materials so that Staples can find and verify its existence.
Your name, telephone number and email address.
A statement from you under penalty of perjury that the information supplied is accurate, and that you are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.
Staples' agent for notice of copyright issues on the Site can be reached as follows:
Staples, Inc.

        500 Staples Drive

        Framingham, MA 01702

        Attn: Legal Department

        with a copy to: General Counsel

        (ref: Copyright Infringement)
FOR STAPLES® COPY & PRINT CENTER ORDERS
By processing and submitting your Staples Copy & Print Center order on the Site:
You represent and warrant to Staples, its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, subsidiaries, agents, distributors, affiliates and third parties providing information or services on the Site (collectively, the "Staples Parties"), that you own and possess all rights or own sufficient rights of third parties necessary to copy, produce, print or imprint each and every document or other item and portion thereof you submit.
You agree and covenant that at Staples' request, and without further consideration, you will promptly provide Staples with reasonable evidence of such adequate and enforceable rights of third parties (i.e., consents, approvals, licenses or sublicenses), and agree that Staples may provide a copy of these T&C to anyone claiming an infringement of copyright/trademark in your document or to law enforcement or other entities as required by law or as Staples reasonably determines to be necessary to protect its rights or the rights of others.
CONDUCT OF USERS
You agree that you will not: (i) transmit via or through the Site any information, data, text, files, links, software, chat, communication or other materials that is or that Staples considers to be unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, racially or ethnically hateful or otherwise objectionable; (ii) attempt to transmit any "virus," "trojan horse" or other software destruction or disruption device; (iii) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including but not limited to, any regulations having the force of law while you are using or accessing the Site or in connection with your use of the Site, in any manner; and (iv) invade the privacy or violate any personal or proprietary right (including intellectual property rights) of any person or entity.
INDEMNITY
By using the Site, you agree to indemnify the Staples Parties for any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and causes of action (including expenses and attorneys' fees) incurred by them arising out of or relating to your breach or alleged breach of these T&C (including, without limitation, claims made by third parties for infringement of intellectual property rights). You agree to cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. Staples reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE SITE IS PROVIDED BY STAPLES ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. STAPLES MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO (1) THE OPERATION OF THE SITE, (2) THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR VALIDITY OF ANY MATERIALS ON THE SITE, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THE SITE, OR (3) WHETHER THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED ON THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. STAPLES IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR PRINTING OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
THIS SITE MAY ALSO CONTAIN FACTS, VIEWS, OPINIONS, STATEMENTS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF THIRD-PARTY INDIVIDUALS AND ORGANIZATIONS. NONE OF THE STAPLES PARTIES REPRESENTS OR ENDORSES THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS OR RELIABILITY OF ANY ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT OR OTHER INFORMATION DISPLAYED, UPLOADED OR DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THE SITE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY RELIANCE ON ANY SUCH OPINION, ADVICE, STATEMENT OR INFORMATION WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
NONE OF THE STAPLES PARTIES IS RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SITE, EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF THE STAPLES PARTIES TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED ONE DOLLAR (US$1.00).
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
TERMINATION
Staples may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Site, for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of these T&C. In the event these T&C are terminated, the restrictions regarding Materials appearing on the Site, and the representations and warranties, indemnities and limitations of liabilities set forth in these T&C will survive termination. In the event that you are unsatisfied with the services provided by Staples, your sole remedy is to terminate your use of the Site.
JURISDICTION
Staples operates the Site from its offices within the United States. Staples makes no representations that content and materials on the Site are legal or appropriate for use from outside the United States. If you choose to access the Site from other locations, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with any and all local laws. You may not use the Site in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. These T&C will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, as it is applied to agreements entered into and performed therein, and excluding (i) the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods; (ii) the 1974 Convention on the Limitation Period in the International Sale of Goods; and (iii) the Protocol amending the 1974 Convention, done at Vienna April 11, 1980. Any action brought to enforce these T&C or matters related to the Site will be brought in either the State or Federal Courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything contained in these T&C to the contrary, Staples shall have the right to institute judicial proceedings against you or anyone acting by, through or under you, in order to enforce Staples' rights hereunder through reformation of contract, specific performance, injunction or similar equitable relief. Any claim or cause of action you have with respect to use of the Site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim arises. If any provision of these T&C is deemed void, unlawful or otherwise unenforceable for any reason, that provision will be severed from these T&C and the remaining provisions of these T&C will remain in force. These T&C constitute the entire agreement between you and Staples concerning your use of the Site.
COMMENTS, COMPLAINTS AND QUESTIONS
We welcome your feedback about the Site. However, any comments, ideas, notes, messages, suggestions or other communications sent to the Site shall be and remain the exclusive property of Staples, and we may use all such communications in any manner, including reproducing, disclosing and publishing such communications, all without compensation to you. Should you have any questions or complaints regarding violations of these T&C, please contact us.



Staples Mobile Terms and Conditions

To Stop the Programs: To stop messages coming to your phone, you can opt out of the program via SMS. To stop our text deals alerts, just send a text that says "STOP" to the short code 555444. You'll receive a one-time cancel confirmation text message. And after that, you won’t receive any future messages.
The Staples Mobile Program is compatible with Alltel, AT&T, Boost, Cellular South, Midwest Wireless, MetroPCS, nTelos, Sprint, Suncom, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless and Virgin Mobile. To participate, the recipient's phone needs to be text messaging–enabled. We try to make it so everyone can participate, but depending on your carrier, plan and phone, we can't guarantee it will work for you.
	         
Cost to Participate: Although the Staples' Mobile Programs are complimentary and require no purchase or fee for participation, message and data rates may apply. Check your mobile plan for more details. Subscribers will receive up to the specified number of alerts per program each month.
Staples One Time Deals Query: You will receive 1 message per request.
Staples Subscription Deals Alerts: You will receive 6 messages per month.
Questions: You can contact us at 800-378-2753, or at any time, from your mobile phone, send a text message with the word "HELP" to 555444. We can answer any questions you have about the program.
Terms and Conditions: By participating in Staples' Mobile Program, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions presented here.



US Delivery Survey Rules

1. DESCRIPTION: NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. YOU HAVE NOT YET WON. The Staples® 2012 Customer Satisfaction Survey $2,500 Sweepstakes ("Sweepstakes") is a quarterly random drawing Sweepstakes beginning on or about Sunday, January 29, 2012, at 12:01 AM Eastern Time ("ET") and ending on Saturday, February 2, 2013 at 11:59:59 PM ET, (collectively, "Sweepstakes Period"). The administrator of this Sweepstakes is COHEN-FRIEDBERG ASSOCIATES, LLC, Framingham, MA 01702, ("Administrator"). The Sponsor of this Sweepstakes is Staples the Office Superstore, LLC, 500 Staples Drive, Framingham, MA 01702 ("Sponsor").
2. HOW TO ENTER: There are two ways to enter this Sweepstakes. (1) Customers who receive an official order number can complete a customer satisfaction survey online by visiting http://www.survey4staples.com. Once the survey has been completed, you will automatically receive one (1) entry into the Sweepstakes (see entry dates chart below) unless you choose not to enter (option given during survey). ALL survey entries must be made within thirty (30) days of receipt of receiving an order number. Order numbers are non-transferable and not redeemable for cash. (2) Free alternate means of entry: Legibly hand print on a postcard your complete name, street address (no P.O. Boxes, please), city, state, zip code, daytime phone number, age and email address (if available) and mail it to: Staples 2012 $2,500 Customer Satisfaction Survey Sweepstakes, P.O. Box 2242, Framingham, MA 01703-2242. Sponsor and Administrator not responsible for lost, late, mutilated or postage due entries.
QUARTERLY ENTRY PERIODS LISTED BELOW:

Entry Period Begins12:01 a.m. ET:Entry Ends11:59:59 p.m. ET:Drawing Date:Entries must bereceived by:
2/3/20135/4/20135/9/20135/8/2013 (all forms of entry)
5/5/20138/3/20138/8/20138/7/2013
8/4/201311/2/201311/7/201311/6/2013
11/3/20132/1/20142/6/20142/5/2014

Mail-in entries will be entered into the drawing period based on the date of receipt of entry. LIMIT: One entry per month per email or household address. One prize per person or household over each Sweepstakes Period. NO entry will be carried forward to another drawing period. To enter all four drawings, you must enter one time per Drawing Period.
All entries and materials submitted become the property of the Sponsor and shall not be acknowledged or returned. If entries exceed the entry limitations, the Entrant may be disqualified in the Sponsors' sole discretion. Entrants must provide all information requested to be eligible to win. Incomplete, unreadable, or unintelligible entries shall be disqualified. Entries generated by a script, macro or other automated means shall be disqualified. Each entrant must be the rightful owner or have authorized use of the e-mail address identified in the entrant's entry as of the Start Date. In the event of a dispute as to the identity of a winner, the winner shall be deemed to be the person in whose name the e-mail account governing the e-mail address was opened.
3. ELIGIBILITY: Sweepstakes is open to legal residents of the United States and Washington, D.C. (excluding Alaska, Hawaii, Louisiana, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam) who are at least 21 years old at time of entry. Any individuals (including but not limited to employees, consultants, independent contractors and interns) who have, within six months prior to the Start Date, held employment with or performed services for Sponsor or Administrator (collectively, "Sweepstakes Entities") or any organizations affiliated with the sponsorship, fulfillment, administration, prize support, advertisement or promotion of the Sweepstakes are not eligible to enter or win. Immediate family and household members of such individuals are also not eligible to enter or win. "Household Members" shall mean those people who share the same residence at least three months a year. "Immediate Family Members" shall mean parents, step-parents, legal guardians, children, step-children, siblings, step-siblings, or spouses. Void where prohibited.
4. WINNER SELECTION AND NOTIFICATION: A random drawing will be conducted by the Sweepstakes Administrator from all eligible entries received during a Promotion Period. One Grand Prize winner will be selected in each drawing based on the Drawing Schedule listed in Rule #2. Prize winner shall be notified by telephone, email and/or overnight mail, whichever is appropriate. Selected winner shall be required to respond (as directed) to the notification within Five (5) business days of attempted notification date. The failure to respond timely to the notification shall result in forfeiture of the prize and, in such case, the Administrator shall randomly select an alternate winner from among the remaining eligible entries. Prizewinners shall be required to verify name and complete address and to execute before a notary public and return within seven (7) days an affidavit of eligibility and liability/publicity release covering eligibility, liability, advertising, publicity and media appearance issues, unless prohibited by law. Prize shall not be awarded until all such properly executed and notarized forms are returned. The decisions of the Administrator are final and legally binding in all Sweepstakes related matters.
5. PRIZE: ONLY THE PRIZE LISTED BELOW WILL BE AWARDED EACH QUARTER.
QUARTERLY GRAND PRIZE (1): $2,500 Staples Gift Card. Gift cards are redeemable at all Staples retail stores in the United States. The Staples Gift card is not redeemable, transferable or exchangeable for cash and cannot be applied to existing credit balances. The terms and conditions of use of a Staples Gift Card apply.
Prizewinner cannot assign or transfer all or any portion of any prize to another person. Winner shall be responsible for any and all federal, state and/or local taxes resulting from acceptance of the prize. No prize will be replaced if lost or stolen once issued to the recipient. If a prize cannot be awarded due to circumstances beyond the control of Sponsor, a substitute prize of equal or greater retail value may be awarded.
6. ODDS OF WINNING: Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received in a Promotion Period.
7. CONDITIONS OF PARTICIPATION/INDEMNIFICATION: By participating, entrants agree to be bound by these Official Rules and the decisions of the Sponsor and the Administrator, which shall be final and legally binding in all respects. All federal, state and local laws and regulations apply. By participating in this Sweepstakes and/or by accepting any prize that they may win, entrants agree that the Sweepstakes Entities; their parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies, units and divisions and advertising and promotional agencies and prize suppliers; each of their respective officers, directors, agents, representatives and employees; and each of these companies and individuals' respective successors, representatives and assigns (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") shall not be liable for any and all actions, claims, including any third party claims, injury, loss or damage arising in any manner, directly or indirectly, arising from or relating to this Sweepstakes, including entry and participation in this Sweepstakes and acceptance, possession, use or misuse of any prize. Each entrant, including each prizewinner, by participating in the Sweepstakes, agrees to fully indemnify each Indemnified Party from any and all such claims by third parties without limitation. Entrants authorize the Indemnified Parties to use their name, voice, likeness, biographical data, city and state of residence and entry materials in programming or promotional material, worldwide in perpetuity, or on a winners list, if applicable, without further compensation unless prohibited by law. Sponsor is not obligated to use any of the above mentioned information or materials, but may do so and may edit such information or materials, at Sponsor's sole discretion, without further obligation or compensation. The Indemnified Parties shall not be liable for: (i) late, lost, delayed, stolen, misdirected, postage-due, incomplete unreadable, inaccurate, garbled or unintelligible entries, communications or affidavits, regardless of the method of transmission; (ii) telephone system, telephone or computer hardware, software or other technical or computer malfunctions, lost connections, disconnections, delays or transmission errors; (iii) data corruption, theft, destruction, unauthorized access to or alteration of entry or other materials; (iv) any injuries, losses or damages of any kind caused by the prize or resulting from acceptance, possession or use of a prize, or from participation in the Sweepstakes; or (v) any printing, typographical, administrative or technological errors in any materials associated with the Sweepstakes. Sponsor disclaims any liability for damage to any computer system resulting from participating in, or accessing or downloading information in connection with this Sweepstakes, and reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, modify or suspend the Sweepstakes should a virus, bug, computer problem, unauthorized intervention or other causes beyond Sponsor's control, corrupt the administration, security or proper play of the Sweepstakes. Sponsor may prohibit you from participating in the Sweepstakes or winning a prize if, in its sole discretion, it determines you are attempting to undermine the legitimate operation of the Sweepstakes by cheating, hacking, deception, or any other unfair playing practices of intending to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other players or Sponsor representatives. This Sweepstakes shall be governed by the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Any and all legal actions or claims arising in connection with this Sweepstakes must be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction within the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and you hereby submit to jurisdiction by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE THE WEB SITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE SWEEPSTAKES MAY BE IN VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHALL RESULT IN DISQUALIFICATION FROM PARTICIPATION IN THE SWEEPSTAKES. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK REMEDIES AND DAMAGES (INCLUDING ATTORNEY FEES) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW, INCLUDING CRIMINAL PROSECUTION.
8. PRIVACY POLICY: By entering the Sweepstakes, you grant Sponsor permission to share your email address and any other personally identifiable information with the Administrator. Sponsor will not share your personal information with any parties other than the corresponding Sweepstakes Entities and suppliers who have been opted in by the entrants to send them future information.
9. PRIZE WINNER LIST: For the list of quarterly prizewinners or a copy of the Official Rules, mail a self-addressed, stamped envelope to be received no later than 2/7/13 to: "Staples® 2012 U.S. $2,500 Customer Satisfaction Survey' Winners List or Rules, PO Box 2242, Framingham, MA 01703-2242 (VT residents may omit return postage). Administrator will supply a winners list based on the date of receipt of any request.



US Retail Survey Rules

1. DESCRIPTION: NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. YOU HAVE NOT YET WON.The Staples® Customer Satisfaction Survey $5,000 Monthly Sweepstakes ("Sweepstakes") is a monthly random drawing Sweepstakes beginning on or about Sunday, February 3, 2013, at 12:00:01 a.m. Eastern Standard Time ("ET") and ending on Saturday, February 1, 2014 at 11:59:59 p.m. ET (collectively, "Sweepstakes Period"). The administrator of this Sweepstakes is COHEN-FRIEDBERG ASSOCIATES, LLC, Framingham, MA 01702, ("Administrator"). The Sponsor of this Sweepstakes is Staples the Office Superstore, LLC, 500 Staples Drive, Framingham, MA 01702 ("Sponsor").
2. HOW TO ENTER: There are three ways to enter this Sweepstakes. Customers who receive an official 16-digit official order number can complete a customer satisfaction survey (1) online by visiting http://www.staplesCares.com or (2) by phone by calling toll-free 1-800-881-1723. No matter which entry process is selected once the survey has been completed you will automatically receive one entry into the Sweepstakes (see entry dates chart below) unless you affirmatively choose not to enter the Sweepstakes (option given during survey). All online and phone survey entries, must be made within seven days of receipt date. Official order numbers are non-transferable and not redeemable for cash. (3) Free alternate means of entry: Legibly hand print on a postcard your complete name, street address (no P.O. Boxes, please), city, state, zip code, daytime phone number, age and email address (if available) and mail it to: Staples Customer Satisfaction Survey Sweepstakes, P.O. Box 2312, Framingham, MA 01703-2312. Entry in the Sweepstakes does not constitute entry into any other promotion, contest or sweepstakes.
Entry Period listed below begins at 12:00:01 a.m. ET on the listed date end ends on 11:59:59 p.m. ET on the given end date. All entries must be received by 11:59:59 p.m. ET on the listed date.


Sweepstakes #
Entry Period Begins at 12:01 a.m. ET:
Entry Period Ends at 11:59:59 p.m. ET
Drawing Date
All Entries Must Be Received By:


1
2/3/13
3/2/13
3/6/13
3/5/13


2
3/3/13
4/6/13
4/10/13
4/9/13


3
4/7/13
5/4/13
5/15/13
5/14/13


4
5/5/13
6/1/13
6/5/13
6/4/13


5
6/2/13
7/6/13
7/10/13
7/9/13


6
7/7/13
8/3/13
8/7/13
8/6/13


7
8/4/13
8/31/13
9/4/13
9/3/13


8
8/26/12
9/29/12
10/5/12
10/4/12


9
9/1/13
10/5/13
10/9/13
10/8/13


10
11/3/13
11/30/13
12/4/13
12/3/13


11
12/1/13
1/4/14
1/8/14
1/7/14


12
1/5/14
2/1/14
2/5/14
2/4/14


Mail-in entries will be entered into the drawing period based on the date of receipt of entry. LIMIT: One entry per month per email or household address. One prize per person or household over the Sweepstakes Period. All entries received for a given month's drawing will NOT be retained for subsequent months' drawings.
All entries and materials submitted become the property of the Sponsor and shall not be acknowledged or returned. If entries exceed the entry limitations, the Entrant may be disqualified in the Sponsors' sole discretion. Entrants must provide all information requested to be eligible to win. Incomplete, unreadable, or unintelligible entries shall be disqualified. Entries generated by a script, macro or other automated means shall be disqualified. Each entrant must be the rightful owner or have authorized use of the e-mail address identified in the entrant's entry as of the Start Date entry is made. In the event of a dispute as to the identity of a winner, the winner shall be deemed to be the person in whose name the e-mail account governing the e-mail address was opened.
3. ELIGIBILITY: Sweepstakes is open to legal residents of the United States and Washington, D.C. (excluding Hawaii, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam) who are at least 21 years old at time of entry. Any individuals (including but not limited to employees, consultants, independent contractors and interns) who have, within six months prior to any entry date listed above, held employment with or performed services for Sponsor or Administrator (collectively, "Sweepstakes Entities") or any organizations affiliated with the sponsorship, fulfillment, administration, prize support, advertisement or promotion of the Sweepstakes are not eligible to enter or win. Immediate family and household members of such individuals are also not eligible to enter or win. "Household Members" shall mean those people who share the same residence at least three months a year. "Immediate Family Members" shall mean parents, step-parents, legal guardians, children, step-children, siblings, step-siblings, or spouses. Void where prohibited.
4. WINNER SELECTION AND NOTIFICATION: Winners shall be selected in a series of unique random drawings conducted by the Sweepstakes Administrator from all eligible entries received during a Promotion Period (see Rule #2). A Monthly Grand Prize $5,000 winner will be selected in each of the drawing periods listed in Rule #2.
Prize winner shall be notified by telephone, email and/or overnight mail, whichever is appropriate. Selected winner shall be required to respond (as directed) to the notification within five (5) business days of attempted notification date. The failure to respond timely to the notification shall result in forfeiture of the prize and, in such case, the Administrator shall randomly select an alternate winner from among the remaining eligible entries. Prize winners shall be required to verify name and complete address and to execute before a notary public and return within seven (7) days an affidavit of eligibility and liability/publicity release covering eligibility, liability, advertising, publicity and media appearance issues, unless prohibited by law. Prize shall not be awarded until all such properly executed and notarized forms are returned. The decisions of the Administrator are final and legally binding in all Sweepstakes related matters.
5. PRIZE:
MONTHLY GRAND PRIZE (1) : 6 monthly Grand Prize winners shall each receive a $5,000 Staples Gift Card. Gift cards are redeemable at all Staples retail stores in the continental United States. The Staples Gift card is not redeemable, transferable or exchangeable for cash and cannot be applied to existing credit balances. The terms and conditions of use of a Staples Gift Card apply. http://www.staples.com/sbd/cre/marketing/giftcards/index.html?cmSearchKeyword=gift+cards for terms and conditions.
Prize winners cannot assign or transfer all or any portion of any prize to another person. Winners shall be responsible for any and all federal, state and/or local taxes resulting from acceptance of the prize. No prize will be replaced if lost or stolen once issued to the recipient. If a prize cannot be awarded due to circumstances beyond the control of Sponsor, a substitute prize of equal or greater retail value may be awarded.
6. ODDS OF WINNING: Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received in a Promotion Period.
7. CONDITIONS OF PARTICIPATION/INDEMNIFICATION: By participating, entrants agree to be bound by these official rules and the decisions of the Sponsor and the Administrator, which shall be final and legally binding in all respects. All federal, state and local laws and regulations apply. By participating in this Sweepstakes and/or by accepting any prize that they may win, entrants agree that the Sweepstakes Entities; their parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies, units and divisions and advertising and promotional agencies and prize suppliers; each of their respective officers, directors, agents, representatives and employees; and each of these companies and individuals' respective successors, representatives and assigns (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") shall not be liable for any and all actions, claims, including any third party claims, injury, loss or damage arising in any manner, directly or indirectly, arising from or relating to this Sweepstakes, including entry and participation in this Sweepstakes and acceptance, possession, use or misuse of any prize. Each entrant, including each prize winner, by participating in the Sweepstakes, agrees to fully indemnify each Indemnified Party from any and all such claims by third parties without limitation. Entrants authorize the Indemnified Parties to use their name, voice, likeness, biographical data, city and state of residence and entry materials in programming or promotional material, worldwide in perpetuity, or on a winners list, if applicable, without further compensation unless prohibited by law. Sponsor is not obligated to use any of the above mentioned information or materials, but may do so and may edit such information or materials, at Sponsor's sole discretion, without further obligation or compensation. The Indemnified Parties shall not be liable for: (i) late, lost, delayed, stolen, misdirected, postage-due, incomplete unreadable, inaccurate, garbled or unintelligible entries, communications or affidavits, regardless of the method of transmission; (ii) telephone system, telephone or computer hardware, software or other technical or computer malfunctions, lost connections, disconnections, delays or transmission errors; (iii) data corruption, theft, destruction, unauthorized access to or alteration of entry or other materials; (iv) any injuries, losses or damages of any kind caused by the prize or resulting from acceptance, possession or use of a prize, or from participation in the Sweepstakes; or (v) any printing, typographical, administrative or technological errors in any materials associated with the Sweepstakes. Sponsor disclaims any liability for damage to any computer system resulting from participating in, or accessing or downloading information in connection with this Sweepstakes, and reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, modify or suspend the Sweepstakes should a virus, bug, computer problem, unauthorized intervention or other causes beyond Sponsor's control, corrupt the administration, security or proper play of the Sweepstakes. Sponsor may prohibit you from participating in the Sweepstakes or winning a prize if, in its sole discretion, it determines you are attempting to undermine the legitimate operation of the Sweepstakes by cheating, hacking, deception, or any other unfair playing practices of intending to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other players or Sponsor representatives. This Sweepstakes shall be governed by the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Any and all legal actions or claims arising in connection with this Sweepstakes must be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction within the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and you hereby submit to jurisdiction by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE THE WEB SITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE SWEEPSTAKES MAY BE IN VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHALL RESULT IN DISQUALIFICATION FROM PARTICIPATION IN THE SWEEPSTAKES. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK REMEDIES AND DAMAGES (INCLUDING ATTORNEY FEES) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW, INCLUDING CRIMINAL PROSECUTION.
8. PRIVACY POLICY: By entering the Sweepstakes, you grant Sponsor permission to share your email address and any other personally identifiable information with the Administrator. Sponsor will not share your personal information with any parties other than the corresponding Sweepstakes Entities and suppliers who have been opted in by the entrants to send them future information.
9. PRIZE WINNER LIST: For the list of monthly prize winners or a copy of the Official Rules, mail a self-addressed, stamped envelope to be received no later than the drawing date listed in Rules #2 to: "Staples Customer Satisfaction Survey" Winners List or Rules, PO Box 2312, Framingham, MA 01703-2312 (VT residents may omit return postage).



Required Disclosures

For the disclosure required by the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010, click here.









Send Us An Email
Pick from the topics below that you would like to email us about.


Topic:

Your Order
Payment/Credit
Product Inquiries
Business Services
Website Assistance
Store Questions
Catalog Questions
Staples Rewards®
Store Complaints
Store Compliments
Something else…



Category:

Return order for credit or exchange items
Missing items
Order is late


Refund Status
Order History/Packing Slip
Price Match
Coupon Questions
Rebate Question
Tax Question
Staples Charge Account Status






Order Number:  Required


Rewards Number: 


Order Number is required. You can find your Order Number in the upper right hand corner of your packing slip received with the delivery of the items, by clicking on "My Orders" and locating the order number via your order history, or by referencing the email order confirmation you received when placing the order.
Please Tell Us:
If you would like to return an item(s) for credit, please give us each item number, quantity, description, and reason for the return.
If you would like to exchange an item(s), please give us each item number(s), quantity, and description of each item you would like to exchange, and the item number(s), quantity, and description of the item(s) you would like to receive instead. Your account will be credited or billed for any difference in price.
Please include any other questions you have, or additional details that would be helpful.


Please Tell Us:
Which item(s) are missing (including item number(s) and description(s)) and whether you would like a replacement or a credit.
If more than one item is missing, please let us know how many Staples shipping cartons you received.
Please include any other questions you have, or additional details that would be helpful.


Please Tell Us:
The complete shipping address for the order, including apartment, suite, floor, contact name, and anticipated delivery date.
Please include any other questions you have, or additional details that would be helpful.


Please Tell Us:
If you are checking on the status of a refund or credit to your account, please give us details below. Include the item number(s), date of problem and the reason for the credit.
Please include any other questions you have, or additional details that would be helpful.


Please Tell Us:
The date(s) of your delivery order, what type of information you need, and how you would like us to send you the information — Email, fax, or US mail.
Please include any other questions you have, or additional details that would be helpful.


Price Match Policy:
Please note: must be an identical item, in–stock and available for purchase, within 14 days of purchase. Other restrictions apply — see FAQs for additional details.
Please include:
Each item number, quantity, description, competitor's name, website address (if applicable), phone number, and price quoted by competitor, including any shipping and handling charges.


Please Tell Us:
If a coupon was erroneously omitted from your order, please include the coupon code and amount of the coupon. If the offer was for free product, please include the coupon code and item number or description of the free product.
Please include any other questions you have, or additional details that would be helpful.


Missing Your Rebate Form?
Please supply the name of the product and a brief description of the offer.
Rebate check not received?
Please supply name of the product, rebate amount, date submitted, and the mailing address where check is to be sent. Include the mailing address that your rebate check should have been sent to and any other questions you have, or additional details that would be helpful.


We need to have a copy of your current Tax Exempt Certificate on file with our Tax Department in order to process your request. You may fax it to: 1-888-823-8503. Please be sure to include your name and telephone number on your fax.
Please include any other questions you have, or additional details that would be helpful.


Did you place an order with us at the time you applied? (2–4 days approval time)
When did you fax your application to us?


If you have a question or comment about a product we sell, please include the product name and Staples No.


If you have a question or comment about a service in our Staples Business Solutions Center, please include the service name.


What do you think about our site? Please include your feedback and suggestions below.


If you have a question or comment about a specific store, please include the store details.


What do you think about our catalog? Please include your feedback and suggestions below.


If you have a question or comment about Staples Rewards®, please enter your questions or comments here. Be sure to include your Staples Rewards® Number.


If you have a question or comment about a specific store, please include the store details.


If your question or comment is not covered by any of the listed categories, please enter your questions or comments here. Be sure to include any additional details that would be helpful. Note: Please do not include any credit card information on this form.

Note: Please do not include any credit card information on this form.

First Name:  Required
Last Name:  Required
Email:  Required
Phone Number:  Required
Zip Code: 
Staples Customer Number: 


Store Information
Name: 
Number: 
Address: 
City: 
State:

Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming




Cancel 






Most Popular
How do I return an item?
How do I redeem coupons on the site?
Using Staples Rewards number when I place an order.
How do I redeem coupon on the site?
What is your delivery policy?
How and where can I recycle office products?








 




International Sites

Australia
Brazil
Canada
China
See all 22 international sites





					
						Staples Rewards
						


Careers

Staples Credit Center





Deals! Get them now




Email Address *

Confirm Email Address *

SUBMIT














				 Join us on:
			














Download the Staples® app


 For
iPad,
iPhone
 and  Android.









About Staples


Corporate Responsibility


Investor Information


Media Information


Community Relations


STAPLES Center


Accessibility Compliance


Affiliate Program







20+ Employee Customer Program



Corporate | Federal Government Customers






Help Center


Return an Item


Rebate Center


Shipping


Contact Us


My Account


Request a Catalog


Price Match Guarantee


Warranty & Recall


Policies & Legal


California Transparency in Supply Chains Act











	This Web site is intended for use by US residents only.
	See International Sites.
	See our delivery policy for full details.
	Copyright 1998-2014,
	 Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved.
	

Site Map |
			Privacy Policy

 |
						AdChoices














