





Charter Spectrum - Terms of Service and Policies









     


















  





  























Sign Up
Log In













Our Best Offers








Get Our Best Online Offers


  Packages Cable TV Internet Voice Support Business  



  









 

     - Looking for Business Services? Visit Charter Business      sample tooltip header sample of a tooltip content. sample of a tooltip content. sample of a tooltip content.  







Why we need your address We need your address to find offers in your specific location. We will never sell or distribute your information. Specific location data is necessary to determine what you may already have and other services you can get with Charter.




LOADING










         Terms of Service/Policies   Terms of Service/Policies The links below provide you access to Charter's current policies & agreements.  Residential Services Terms and Conditions     Commercial Service Terms and Conditions   Website Use Terms and Conditions Purchase Order Terms and Conditions for Goods and/or Services Charter Competitive Telephone Tariffs (includes Customer Terms and Conditions) Procedure for Submitting a 								Notice of Claimed Copyright Infringement Residential Price Guarantee Terms and Conditions State-Specific Complaint Procedures  Complaint Procedures for Michigan   Network Management Practices Annual Notices  2014 Annual Notice (PDF) Espanol 2014 Annual Notice (PDF)   Rate Card Information Internet Speed & Pricing Information  Internet Speed & Pricing Information (PDF) Español Internet Speed & Pricing Information (PDF)   DOCSIS Modem Policy        










View Our Best Offer








View Channels by Offer










Compare TV Options







Select






Silver






Gold



         Channels 125+ 175+ 200+    Local programming plus your           favorite networks      Free HD services      1,500+ HD On Demand options      10,000+ On Demand options      Watch TV on your mobile device      Digital Tier 1      Digital Tier 2           8Channels      9Channels      6Channels        HBO, Showtime, Cinemax On Demand      Mobile: Access to Mobile content apps           3Channels      5Channels      6Channels             Get DVR service on up to 4 TVs add for           $19.99/mo add for           $19.99/mo add for           $19.99/mo     †    *Channel availability varies by area,            enter your address in the channel lineup tool            to check channels available to you.  add for           $10.00/mo NFL Network NFL Network           & NFL Red           Zone     


















  


 
   Latest Happenings @ Twitter Enter Charter Promotions on Facebook  Charter on YouTube   
      My Account Locations Contact Us Services in My Area  Charter Spectrum Bundles  Spectrum Triple Play Select Spectrum Triple Play Silver Spectrum Triple Play Gold    Products  Spectrum TV Spectrum Internet Spectrum Voice  Spectrum TV  HD & DVR ON Demand Spectrum TV App Genres Premium Channels Channel Lineup Why Charter?    Spectrum Internet  Fastest Internet Test Your Speed Total Home WiFi Security Suite® Why Charter?  Spectrum Voice  Calling Features International Calling Family Safety Features Get Spectrum Voice    Charter Info  Careers *Product Disclaimers ◊Contract Buyout Information About Charter Weather Outages Investor & News Center Your Privacy Rights Terms of Service/Policies Site Map    Charter Sites  Charter.com Spectrum Business Charter.net Charter Media  Charter MDU Charter our Community   ©  Charter Communications, Inc.        







