



Privacy and Security at Things Remembered









                                              .
    
















                                Store Locator








Shopping Bag


                                    
                                        (0)
                                




My Account

Log InNew AccountOrder Status













Personalized Gifts That Inspire



FREE STANDARD SHIPPING on orders $100 or more
MOST ORDERS SHIP IN 1-2 DAYS




Sign Up Now








          Personalization
           
Personalization Experts
Engraving
Embroidery
Designs
Fonts
Pricing
Message Ideas



          Look Books
           
Wedding Look Book
Business Look Book



          Blog
           
Wedding Idea Blog



          Rewards Club
           
Program Benefits

Account Login
Account


Special Offers












Recipient





women

her



men

him



babies & children

babies

children's gifts





family & friends

family

friend

hostess

parents

grandparents



the graduate

high school

college



wedding party

wedding gifts for the couple

bridesmaid

groomsmen





professionals

administrative professional

boss

business associate

nurse & caregiver

teacher

coach

service member





lifestyles & personalities

nautical enthusiast

gifts for pet lovers

gifts for techies

wine & cheese lover gifts

military

gifts for world travelers

teens

gifts for the outdoorsmen

coffee lover gifts

gifts for book lovers

gifts for your little princess













Home & Bar









dining & entertaining

wine

beer

bar glasses

bar accessories

flasks

decanters

gift sets

serving trays & platters

table accessories



travel

travel mugs

insulated bags

luggage tags



outdoor

acrylic

bbq accessories





home decor

frames

photo albums

vases

candle holders

throws & pillows

wall art

door knockers

clocks



bed & bath

towels & soap



snow globes

kid's snow globes

snow globes

make-a-wish snow globes





kitchen

cutting boards

coffee & tea

containers & canisters

plates & glasses

aprons

cooking



home office

desk accessories

globes

pens & pencils

journals & briefcases

paperweights

phone cases & accessories

card cases & holders



just arrived

new arrivals for the home













Baby & Kids









new arrivals

baby & kids

teens



baby

keepsakes

stroller blankets & quilts

banks

stuffed animals & toys

bibs & baby apparel





kids

back to school

kid's backpacks & travel bags

lunch boxes

children's books

furniture & room decor

kid's snow globes

kids jewelry

children's frames & albums

religious children's gifts





teens

fun & colorful gifts

jewelry

jewelry boxes

charms

totes & bags

cosmetic cases

journals & desk accessories

travel mugs

secret message boxes














                    Him
                


                    Her
                



Wedding














wedding day

toasting flutes

cake servers

guest books, favors & accessories

unity items & cake toppers



shop by style

elegant wedding

romantic wedding

signature wedding

shop by pattern





bridal party

bridesmaid

groomsmen

the parents

flower girl

ring bearer

wedding helpers & officiants

bridal party special offer



gifts for each other

bride

groom





gifts for the couple

keepsakes

wedding frames & photo gifts

wedding home gifts

wedding drinkware

designer gifts

gift sets



top gifts

bridesmaid favorites

groomsmen favorites

top wedding gifts













Business







Save up to 25%
Free Company Logo
Fast Delivery
Get Special Offers
White Papers
Why Choose TR?
Contact Us
Volume Discounts





recognition

awards

desk clocks

business frames & albums

crystal business gifts

desk globes

plaques

vases

business watches



corporate gifts

corporate apparel

coffee & tea

business briefcases & totes

corporate gifts



top gifts

gifts for coworkers

top retirement gifts

top business gifts for him

top business gifts for her





office

desk clocks

business card holders & cases

desk accessories

executive gifts

paperweights

pens & pencils

tech & phone cases

business briefcases & totes

padfolios & journals

office gifts



employee programs

milestone - work anniversary

employee appreciation gifts

new job gifts

corporate apparel

retirement



business recipient

business gifts for her

business gifts for him





retirement

awards

professional drinkware

desk clocks

business frames & albums

crystal business gifts

men's pocket watches

vases

wrist watches



industry professionals

gifts for teachers

financial service gifts

healthcare gifts

professional services gifts













Pick Up In-Store









gifts for her

jewelry boxes

women's & girl's jewelry

women's accessories

bogo bracelets



gifts for children

baby gifts

girl's jewelry

boy's jewelry





gifts for him

men's jewelry

men's accessories



home & entertaining

drinkware

flasks

snow globes

frames

home gifts

clocks





wedding

wedding gifts

wedding essentials

bridesmaid gifts

groomsmen gifts

bridal party offer



office & recognition

office gifts

awards & plaques

tech gifts

administrative professional













Clearance



Sale - $4.99 & Under
Sale - $9.99 & Under
Sale - $14.99 & Under
Sale - $19.99 & Under
Sale - $24.99 & Under
Sale - $29.99 & Under
Sale - $34.99 & Under
Sale - $35 & up
Clearance Items for Her
Clearance Items for Him




Clearance Items for Children
Clearance Items for your Home
Clearance Items for a Wedding
Clearance Items for Office and Business
Clearance Items for Christmas
Clearance Phone & Tablet Accessories
Clearance Snow Globes























		{"dragByHandle":true,"dragByBody":false,"cssSelector":"ql-thumbnail","widgetClass":"OverlayWidget","bindings":{"bind0":{"element":".ql-thumbnail .Quicklook .trigger","type":"quicklookselected","fn":"function(){$.fnProxy(arguments,\'#headerOverlay\',OverlayWidget.show,\'OverlayWidget.show\');}"}},"effectOnHide":"slide","effectOnShowOptions":"{}","effectOnHideOptions":"{}","closeOnBackgroundClick":true,"effectOnShowSpeed":"1200","onScreenPadding":10,"allowOffScreenOverlay":false,"captureClicks":true,"effectOnShow":"slide","effectOnHideSpeed":"1200"}










Customer Service


Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping Costs/Schedules
Personalization Information
Shopping Services
About Things Remembered
Employment Opportunities





Print This Page

Customer Service >
         Privacy & Security





Privacy Policy
At Things Remembered your trust and satisfaction is of the utmost importance.  We are committed to respecting the privacy and the security of your personal information and have instituted policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner.  This Policy was last revised on October 7, 2013.


Mailing Lists
Personal Information
Security of Your Information
Updating Your Information
How We Use Your Email Address
Email Unsubscribe
Cookies




Mailing Lists
From time to time, we make our mailing list (including names and addresses only) and general shopping activities available to carefully selected companies whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you and whose privacy practices meet the Direct Marketing Association's privacy standards. We do not share email addresses for this purpose. If you do not wish to receive mailings from these carefully selected companies, simply call Customer Service at 866.902.4438.
Back to top 
Personal Information
We may also share your personal information, and any transactions you conduct on our site or offline with us with a third-party advertising partner and its service providers in order to deliver you advertising tailored to your interests when you visit certain other websites. Data shared with our third-party partner is made anonymous.  If you wish to not have your information shared for these purposes, please contact us at 866.902.4438.
Back to top 
Security of Your Information
Rest assured that we utilize the latest encryption technology to ensure the safety of your personal information at Things Remembered. Your ordering information (name, address, credit card, etc.) is encrypted during the ordering process & transmission, using our secure server to provide the highest level of security possible. In addition, once received, your credit card data is stored on a server that cannot be accessed via the Internet.
We further protect your information using the following methods:

Password protection: When you create an account with us, your password creates another level of security for your personal information. Your password is your secret code into your account. Make your password a combination of at least 6 (no more than 10) characters/numbers that are not easily guessed (don't make your password your last name, for example). 
Site protection: Our entire site is protected behind an advanced firewall (think of it as a cyber fortress), which prevents unauthorized persons from accessing your information.

Back to top 
Updating Your Information
Creating a thingsremembered.com account allows you to take advantage of the unique services that thingsremembered.com offers, including email newsletters with exclusive offers, the ability to view your order history and track your orders, and the ability to keep a convenient address book for faster checkout. We pledge to keep your confidential information confidential.  To protect your privacy, we will need to validate your identity before you update or review your information. 
                      
Back to top 
How We Use Your Email Address
We are proud to be 100% compliant with the 2004 Can SPAM act, meaning that we do not send unsolicited email to our customers. It is our intent to send promotional emails only to those persons who wish to receive them.  We do not sell or rent your email information to outside parties.  At Things Remembered, your email address is used in the following ways: 
                      

Order and Shipment Confirmation Emails: When you place an order, we will send you an email that indicates that we have received your order (order confirmation) and a later email that indicates that your order has been shipped (shipment confirmation). 
Email Newsletters and Promotions: When you provide your email address to us at thingsremembered.com, you will be asked if you want to receive special offers from us via email. If you indicate that you do not want to receive email offers from us, rest assured that you will not receive information from us.

Back to top 
Email Unsubscribe
If you have provided your email address to us and have elected to receive special offers and promotions via email, but would like to discontinue receiving these special offers and promotions, simply click on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of a Things Remembered email and follow the unsubscribe instructions.  You may also call 866.902.4438 for assistance.
Please note that when you make a purchase and provide us with your email address, we may send you confirmation of your order via email even if you have chosen not to receive email from us about special offers and promotions. We may also contact you by mail or telephone if we have questions about your order.
Back to top 
Cookies
Thingsremembered.com uses your browser's "cookie" feature. A cookie is a small piece of text stored on a computer by a web browser. As text, cookies are not executable and therefore cannot replicate themselves and are not viruses. Cookies are used to ensure that items remain in your Shopping Bag while you continue shopping and to keep track of  site preferences like your display name, home store and other session information. We do not use cookies to store personal information such as your credit card number..  We may use technologies such as our own cookies to provide you with enhanced online display advertising tailored to your interests.  To opt out of advertising provided by us, click here.  


              Cookies enable you to take advantage of some of our most valuable services. In accordance with our Privacy Policy, the information contained in your thingsremembered.com cookie is confidential, never shared, and is used to enhance your shopping experience while on our website. Please note that certain pages of the Site may not function properly if cookies are turned off. Please consult your web browser's Help documentation for more information about how to turn cookies on and off within your browser.

We may use third party companies to assist us in understanding shoppers use of the site and to provide online display advertising tailored to their interests. To accomplish this, these companies may place cookies on your computer to receive information about your browsing and buying activity on the site, and help us to provide you with a better, more personalized shopping experience. We prohibit these companies from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than Things Remembered.  To learn more, or to opt-out of receiving advertisements tailored to your interests, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices. 

Back to top 










    








Customer Service

866.902.4438
Contact Us
FAQ
 
Delivery Options & Costs
Order Status
Satisfaction Guaranteed
International Shipping
Shipping to Military APO/FPO



Gift Resources

Gift Personalization
Message Ideas
Order Online Pickup in Store
Request a Wedding Catalog
Gift Wrap
Business Services




Business Services

866.428.0475
Business Account Specialists
Large Order Discount
Fast Turnaraound
Request a Business Catalog

Request a Contact
Your Company Logo, Our Gifts





Company Information

About Us
Store Locator
Privacy & Security
Employment Opportunities
Press Room
Things Remembered Canada


Get to Know Us



















          






Holidays: 
Father's Day |
Graduation |
Mother's Day |
Easter |
Valentine's Day |
Christmas

Other Ways to Shop: 
Occasions |
Categories |
Recipients

Past Look Books: 
Valentine's Day Look Book |
Holiday Look Book







Site Map
  © Things Remembered 2015. All rights reserved.






CLOSE
$15 OFF $60 | $30 OFF $120
CODE: 4733CODE: 4734
Coupon is valid 9/8  through 9/25.  Print this coupon and present in store at the time of purchase.  To redeem online, enter coupon code at checkout.  Coupon cannot be combined with any other coupon, offer or deal.
PRINT COUPON















