





Terms of Use






























































Topics & Tools  


 Health Topics

Acid Reflux
ADHD
Allergies
Alzheimer's & Dementia
Bipolar Disorder
Cancer
Chronic Pain


Cold & Flu
COPD
Crohn's Disease
Depression
Fibromyalgia
Health Insurance Exchanges
Heart Disease


High Cholesterol
HIV
Hypertension
IBS
Menopause
Multiple Sclerosis (MS)
Osteoarthritis


Pregnancy
Psoriasis
Rheumatoid Arthritis
Skin Disorders and Care
STDs
Type 2 Diabetes
More...



 Health Tools

Symptom Checker
BodyMaps
Clinical Trials


Drug Interactions
Pill Identifier


Doctor Search
Health News


Newsletter Sign-Up
Diabetes Mine










X



Advertisement

 

 



 












Healthline →
Directory A to Z →
Terms of Use

















Cancel








Terms of Use















THE SITE DOES NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE.The Contents of the Healthline Site, such as text, graphics, images, information obtained from Healthline's licensors, and other material contained of the Healthline Site ("Content") are for informational purposes only. The content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any question you may have regarding a medical condition.If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately. Healthline does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, physician, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the Site. Reliance on any information provided by Healthline, Healthline employees, others appearing on the Site at the invitation of Healthline, or other visitors to the Site is solely at your own risk. The Site may contain health-or-medical-	 related materials that are sexually explicit. If you find these materials offensive, you may not want to use our Site.LIABILITY OF HEALTHLINE AND ITS LICENSORSThe use of the Healthline Site and the Content is at your own risk. When using the Healthline Site, information will be transmitted over a medium that may be beyond the control and jurisdiction of Healthline and its suppliers. Accordingly, Healthline assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the Healthline Site.The Healthline Site and the Content are provided on an "as is" basis. HEALTHLINE, ITS LICENSORS, AND ITS SUPPLIERS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGMENT OF THIRD PARTIE'S RIGHT, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Without limiting the foregoing, Healthline, its licensors, and its suppliers make no representations or warranties about the following:The accuracy, reliability, completeness, currentness, or timeliness of the Content, software, text, graphics, links, or communications provided on or through the use of the Healthline Site or Healthline.The satisfaction of any government regulations requiring disclosure of information on prescription drug products or the approval or compliance of any software tools with regard to the Content contained on the Healthline Site.In no event shall Healthline, its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on the Healthline Site be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use of or inability to use the Healthline Site or the Content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not Healthline is advised of the possibility of such damages. Healthline is not liable for any personal injury, including death, caused by your use or misuse of the Site, Content, or Public Areas (as defined below). Any claims arising in connection with your use of the Site, any Content, or the Public Areas must be brought within one (1) year of the date of the event giving rise to such action occurred. Remedies under these Terms of Use are exclusive and are limited to those expressly provided for in these Terms of Use.ADVERTISEMENTS, SEARCHES AND LINKS TO OTHER SITESHealthline may select certain sites as priority responses to search terms you enter and Healthline may agree to allow advertisers to respond to certain search terms with advertisements or sponsored content. Healthline does not recommend and does not endorse the content on any third	 -party websites. Healthline is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, sites framed within the Healthline Site, third-party sites provided as search results, or third-party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of third-party websites is at your own risk and subject to the Terms of Use for such sites. Healthline does not endorse any product advertised on the Healthline Site.INDEMNITYYou agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Healthline, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these Terms of Use.GENERALHealthline is based in San Francisco, CA, in the United States of America. Healthline makes no claims that Healthline Content is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Healthline Site from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever: Liability, User Submissions, Indemnity, Jurisdiction, and Complete Agreement.JURISDICTIONYou expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with Healthline, or in any way relating to your use of the Healthline Site, resides in the courts of the State of California and you further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the courts of the State of California in connection with any such dispute including any claim involving Healthline or its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers, and content providers.These Terms of Use are governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.COMPLETE AGREEMENTExcept as expressly provided in a particular "legal notice" on the Healthline Site, these Terms of Use and the Healthline Privacy Policy and Agreement constitute the entire agreement between you and Healthline with respect to the use of the Healthline Site, and Content.Thank you for your cooperation. We hope you find the Healthline site helpful and convenient to use! Questions or comments regarding this website, including any reports of non-functioning links, should be directed by electronic mail to info@healthline.com or via U.S. mail to Healthline at 660 Third Street, San Francisco, CA 94107.Copyright (c) 2005-2013 Healthline Networks, Inc. All Rights Reserved.






1








 Tell us what you think



Give Us Feedback


What do you think of this page?




              This article changed my life!
            




              This article is helpful
            




              I have a suggestion / correction
            




              I have a medical question
            




              This article didn't help me
            


 We won't share your email address. Privacy policy


 







Your name ✖ Please enter your name



Your email 

✖ Please enter your email


Your feedback


0

 Sign me up for Healthline's Newsletter






Please note that we are unable to respond back directly to your questions or provide medical advice.
 We won't share your email address. Privacy policy


In partnership with Avoid the doctor's office. Access top doctors in the comfort of your own home.See and speak with a doctor over live, high-quality video.Your first visit is on us.Use code SEE4FREEStart my FREE visit

We're sorry, an error occurred.
We are unable to collect your feedback at this time. However, your feedback is important to us. Please try again later.








Healthline








              Thank you for your feedback.  Your health and well being are important to us.  We're sorry you couldn't find the information you were looking for this time, but your comments will help us identify gaps and improve our content.
            

              We applaud you for taking an active role in your health!
            

              To your health,
              The Healthline Team
            



















Advertisement






Advertisement






Advertisement






Advertisement






Advertisement








About Healthline


Mission Statement


Editorial Staff


Privacy Policy


Advertising & Sponsorship Policy


Advertise With Us


About Healthline Networks


Careers






Advertisement






Advertisement














Close









Advertisement




















Healthline’s mission is to make the people of the world healthier through the power of information. We do this by creating quality health information that is authoritative, approachable, and actionable. 
Join more than 30 million monthly visitors like you and let Healthline be your guide to better health.





 Sign Up for
 Thank you!
Health Tips

Get the latest health & wellness advice delivered straight to your inbox, and check out our other newsletters.

X




  Your privacy is important to us






Find us on:
Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Pinterest





Site Map
Health Topics
Health News
Diabetes Mine


About Healthline
Our Staff
About Healthline.com
Advertising & Sponsorship Policy
About Healthline Corp


Get in Touch
Contact
Careers
Advertise With Us
Newsletter Sign-Up

















Copyright © 2005 - 2015 Healthline Networks, Inc. All rights reserved for Healthline.
                Healthline is for informational purposes and should not be considered medical advice, diagnosis or treatment recommendations. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy

























































