



  


Saks.com Legal Terms

























In order to use all of the site functionality on the Saks Fifth Avenue website, you must have JavaScript enabled on your browser. See instructions to enable JavaScript.








EMAIL-ONLY SALES  Register now to stay in the loop.   Sign Up



SAKS BY TEXT  Sign up for sales, trends & more on your phone.  Sign Up









Shop Duty Free and Enjoy Free Express Shipping on orders of $100+  Details




Enjoy Free Express Shipping on orders $100+    Details




$10 USD Standard or $20 USD Express Shipping on orders over $100 USD   Details




Enjoy Free Express Shipping on orders $100+  Details




$20 Express Shipping on orders over $100 USD    Details











FREE SHIPPING* Online & In Stores
Use Code FREESHIP



					*Free Shipping offer available regardless of total order value. Standard shipping discount is applied to all expedited shipping orders and deducted from the total shipping charge.  Limit of five promo codes per order. Offer valid at saks.com and in Saks Fifth Avenue stores only. To redeem, select standard shipping and enter promotional code FREESHIP. Valid on shipments to US addresses only. Not valid on international shipments. Offer may be used when shipping to multiple addresses. Offer not valid on Rush, Next Business Day, or Saturday delivery orders. Not valid in Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH stores, and saksoff5th.com. Not valid on standalone physical or promotional Gift Card shipments. For Drop Ship items, offer only applies to items eligible for standard shipping. No adjustments to prior purchases. This offer is non-transferable. Saks' return policy still applies to items returned under this offer. Items may not be available in Puerto Rico.

Click here for additional shipping & tax information.


















  ONLINE ONLY
RECEIVE $75 OFF

YOUR $350 PURCHASE




when you shop women's and men's shoes & bags

Through Tuesday, September 22
  Use Code  SAKS75


*NOT VALID ON PRE-ORDER ITEMS. LIMIT OF FIVE PROMO CODES PER ORDER. Valid on saks.com purchases from 9/21/15 at 12:01 AM (ET) through 9/22/15 at 11:59 PM (ET). Enter promotional code SAKS75 at checkout for saks.com and catalog purchases. Offer and code valid once per customer. Not valid at Saks Fifth Avenue stores, Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH stores or saksoff5th.com. Full value of coupon must be used at time of purchase. Receive $75 off your $350 order is for promotional purposes only, without money or other value given in exchange, and is non-transferable. This offer cannot be applied as credit to previous purchases. Coupon may not be redeemed for cash or used as payment or credit toward Saks Fifth Avenue credit card accounts. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Discount is applied to all items purchased and is not adjustable for returns. Excludes Beauty & Fragrance. Excludes some designer collections, leased collections, pre-order items, charitable items, gift card and Saks employee purchases.
Designer Exclusions (Certain categories of merchandise are excluded): Azzedine Alaia, Brunello Cucinelli, Celine, Givenchy, Gucci, Lanvin, Prada, Tod's, UGG Australia.









SAKSFIRST TRIPLE POINTS
For approved purchases made with the SaksFirst credit card or SaksFirst MasterCard in Saks Fifth Avenue stores and catalogs, and at Saks.com. During this event, SaksFirst members will earn 2 base points plus 4 bonus points per eligible dollar spent from $1 to $4999, 4 base points plus 8 bonus points per eligible dollar spent from $5000 to $9999, and 6 base points plus 12 bonus points per eligible dollar spent thereafter, based on your calendar year-to-date net purchases. Sales tax, delivery charges, beauty salon products and services, Cartier and Graff purchases, restaurant purchases, alterations, fur storage, gratuity, repairs, corporate gifts, and gift card purchases are not eligible for this bonus points event. Select designer and department exclusions apply. Offer valid on Saks.com from 9/13/2015 at 12:01 am (ET) through 9/19/2015 at 11:59 pm (ET) and in Saks Fifth Avenue stores from 9/15/2015 through 9/19/2015. Offer is not valid for purchases made at Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH stores. 
SAKSFIRST BONUS POINTS
To receive 10,000 bonus points offer in men's or women's shoes, total eligible spend must be at least $1000 in men's or women's shoe purchase at Saks Fifth Avenue stores or saks.com from 9/15/15 to 9/19/15 with the SaksFirst card or SaksFirst MasterCard. To receive 10,000 bonus points offer in handbags, total eligible spend must be at least $1000 in handbag purchase at Saks Fifth Avenue stores or saks.com from 9/15/15 to 9/19/15 with the SaksFirst card or SaksFirst MasterCard. All Saks store cardholders require a minimum of 2500 points to be eligible to redeem as a Saksfirst Gift Card. Any points not redeemed within the calendar year will be forfeited. The 2500 point minimum can consist of any combination of base points or bonus points. Customers can visit saksfirst.com to redeem current year points for a SaksFirst Gift Card. Bonus points will be posted to your account 8 to 10 weeks after the promotion ends. Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th stores, saksoff5th.com, corporate gifts and gift card purchases are not eligible for this bonus points event. Certain exclusions including some designer and licensed departments, salon products and services, alterations, restaurants, taxes, gratuities and delivery charges apply. This offer is not transferable and cannot be combined with any other bonus point offer. Maximum 30,000 bonus points per customer. Please visit saksfirst.com for full terms and conditions. The SaksFirst MasterCard cards are issued by Capital One, N.A. pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated.







 








* Duty-free offer for Canada is valid on orders of $100 CAD or more through Wednesday, September 30, 2015 at 11:59PM (ET). No Code Necessary. Valid only on shipments to Canada. Offer not valid on US shipments. Offer may not be used when shipping to multiple addresses. Valid at Saks.com only. Offer is not valid at Saks Fifth Avenue stores, Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH stores or SaksOff5th.com. Not valid on purchases of Gift cards. No adjustments to prior purchases. This offer is non-transferable.
* Free Express Shipping offer for Canada is valid on orders of $100 CAD or more shipping to Canada through Wednesday, September 30, 2015 at 11:59 pm (ET). No promo code needed at checkout. Offer not valid on US shipments. Offer may not be used when shipping to multiple addresses. Valid at Saks.com only. Offer is not valid at Saks Fifth Avenue stores, Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH stores or SaksOff5th.com. Not valid on purchases of Gift cards. No adjustments to prior purchases. This offer is non-transferable.









MEN'S & WOMEN'S ALTERATIONS



	Enjoy Complimentary Basic Alterations Tasks on Regular Priced Suits, Blazers and Dress Pants purchased at saks.com.  
Simply bring your purchase and receipt to any Full-Line Saks Fifth Avenue Store.

*Basic Alterations Tasks are complimentary on selected Regular Priced merchandise. Basic Alterations include most Dress Pant Hems, Segmented Waist/Seat and Sleeve Edge adjustment. Additional alterations will be calculated at the store fitting.

Exclusions and restrictions may apply.
 
CLICK HERE FOR STORE LOCATIONS 









 
Offer valid from Saks Fifth Avenue stores and saks.com on approved purchases made on the Saks Fifth Avenue Major Purchase Account (MPA) issued by Capital One, N.A. Receipts in a single calendar day totaling $2000 or more will qualify for this offer. Gift card purchases are excluded from this offer. Some exclusions apply. See store associate for details. Your account must be open and current to be eligible for this offer. Eligible purchases will be charged no interest for 12 months from date of purchase. Thereafter, you will be charged your variable standard APR of 23.99% on your remaining purchase balance. Variable penalty APR is 26.99%. Variable APRs as of 1/31/15. Minimum interest charge $1. Offer valid April 17 through April 27, 2015. If you don't already have an MPA, ask a sales associate how to apply.









Shop Duty Free and Enjoy Free Express Shipping on orders of $100 or more*
No Code Necessary


* Duty-free offer for Canada is valid on orders of USD $100 or more through Wednesday,  September 30, 2015 , at 11:59PM (ET). No Code Necessary. Valid only on shipments to Canada. Offer not valid on US shipments. Offer may not be used when shipping to multiple addresses. Valid at Saks.com only. Offer is not valid at Saks Fifth Avenue stores, Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH stores or SaksOff5th.com. Not valid on purchases of Gift cards. No adjustments to prior purchases. This offer is non-transferable.
* Free Express Shipping offer for Canada is valid on orders of USD $100 or more shipping to Canada through Wednesday,  September 30, 2015  at 11:59 pm (ET). No promo code needed at checkout. Offer not valid on US shipments. Offer may not be used when shipping to multiple addresses. Valid at Saks.com only. Offer is not valid at Saks Fifth Avenue stores, Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH stores or SaksOff5th.com. Not valid on purchases of Gift cards. No adjustments to prior purchases. This offer is non-transferable
Click here for additional shipping & tax information.









Enjoy Free Express Shipping on orders of $100 or more*
No Code Necessary


* Free Express Shipping offer is valid on orders of USD $100 or more shipping to UK, Australia, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Russia through  Wednesday, September 30, 2015 at 11:59 pm (ET). No promo code needed at checkout. Offer not valid on US shipments. Offer may not be used when shipping to multiple addresses. Valid at Saks.com only. Offer is not valid at Saks Fifth Avenue stores, Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH stores or SaksOff5th.com. Not valid on purchases of Gift cards. No adjustments to prior purchases. This offer is non-transferable.
Click here for additional shipping & tax information.









$10 USD Standard or $20 USD Express Shipping to Select Countries on orders over $100 USD*
No Code Necessary



					
* $10 USD Standard Shipping offer is valid with orders of $100 USD and more through Wednesday,  September 30, 2015,  at 11:59 pm (ET). Offer valid at Saks.com only. No Code Necessary. Standard shipping offer valid only on shipments to Ireland, New Zealand and Korea addresses. Not valid on US or other international shipments. Offer may not be used when shipping to multiple addresses. Not valid at Saks Fifth Avenue stores, Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5th stores or SaksOff5th.com. Not valid on purchases of Gift cards. No adjustments to prior purchases. This offer is non-transferable.


					* $20 USD Express shipping offer is valid with orders of $100 USD and more through Wednesday,  September 30, 2015,   at 11:59 pm (ET). Offer valid at Saks.com only. No Code Necessary.  Express shipping offer valid only on orders to any international address to which Saks.com currently ships. Not valid on US shipments. Offer may not be used when shipping to multiple addresses. Not valid at Saks Fifth Avenue stores, Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5th stores or SaksOff5th.com. Not valid on purchases of Gift cards. No adjustments to prior purchases. This offer is non-transferable.



Click here for additional shipping & tax information.









Enjoy Free Express Shipping on orders of $100 or more*
No Code Necessary



					* Free Express Shipping offer is valid on orders of USD $100 or more shipping to Bahrain, Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and United Arab Emirates through Wednesday,  September 30, 2015,  at 11:59 pm (ET). No promo code needed at checkout. Offer not valid on US shipments. Offer may not be used when shipping to multiple addresses. Valid at Saks.com only. Offer is not valid at Saks Fifth Avenue stores, Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH stores or SaksOff5th.com. Not valid on purchases of Gift cards. No adjustments to prior purchases. This offer is non-transferable.

Click here for additional shipping & tax information.









$20 USD Express Shipping to Select Countries on orders over $100 USD*
No Code Necessary



       * $20 USD Express shipping offer is valid with orders of $100 USD and more through Wednesday,  September 30, 2015,  at 11:59 pm (ET). Offer valid at Saks.com only. To redeem offer, select Express shipping. No promo code necessary. Express shipping offer valid only on orders to any international address to which Saks.com currently ships. Not valid on US shipments. Offer may not be used when shipping to multiple addresses. Not valid at Saks Fifth Avenue stores, Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5th stores or SaksOff5th.com. Not valid on purchases of Gift cards. No adjustments to prior purchases. This offer is non-transferable.

Click here for additional shipping & tax information.








  FREE SHIPPING 
Online & In Stores Use Code
 FREESHIP 
 | 
 Details













Saks Fifth Avenue



Designers



DESIGNERS BY CATEGORY


Women's Apparel


Shoes


Handbags


Jewelry & Accessories


Beauty


Men


Kids


Home


Sale



FEATURED DESIGNERS


3.1 Phillip Lim


Akris/Akris Punto


Alexander McQueen


Alice + Olivia


Balmain


Bottega Veneta


Burberry


BVLGARI


Chloe


Christian Louboutin


Diane von Furstenberg


Dolce & Gabbana


Donna Karan


Fendi


Giorgio Armani


Givenchy


Gucci


Helmut Lang


Jimmy Choo


Joie


Lanvin


Manolo Blahnik


Michael Kors


MILLY


Moncler


Prada


Rag & Bone


Ralph Lauren


Saint Laurent


Salvatore Ferragamo


Stella McCartney


St. John


Theory


The Row


Tory Burch


Valentino


Vince






Women's Apparel



WOMEN'S APPAREL


Shop All


New Arrivals


Best Sellers


Dresses


Tops


Swimwear


Sweaters


Jeans


Pants & Shorts


Jumpsuits


Skirts


Jackets & Vests


Coats


Suits & Separates


Activewear


Sleepwear & Loungewear


Lingerie


Plus Size


Special Offers



LIFESTYLE BOUTIQUES


Premier Designers


Contemporary


Modern


SALE: Women's Apparel


Shop All


SHOP BY DESIGNER


Women's Apparel Designers



TRENDS & EVENTS


#SaksStyle


EDITION


Activewear Shop


Collection: A Contemporary Series


Emerging Designers Editorial


The Trendcaster: Vol. 9 September


The Trendcaster: Vol. 8 August


The Trendcaster: Vol. 7 July


Fall Fashion 2: Designer Editorial


Fall Fashion 1: Designer Editorial


Jeans Editorial


Spirit Untamed: Contemporary Designers Editorial


Valentino Fall Event


Gucci Fall Event


Evening Event


The Row Lookbook


Burberry Heritage Event


Bridal Trunk Shows & Events









Shoes



SHOES


Shop All


New Arrivals


Boots


Pumps & Slingbacks


Evening


Sandals


Sneakers


Flats


Oxfords, Loafers & Moccasins


Cold Weather


Exotics


Wedges


Wedding


Mules & Slides


Slippers



NEW & POPULAR


New Arrivals


Best Sellers


Saks Exclusives


Western Spirit


Pretty & Embellished


Fur & Faux


Activewear Shop


Christian Louboutin Beauté


MENS SHOES


Shop All


KIDS SHOES


Shop All


SALE: Shoes


Shop All


SHOP BY DESIGNER


Shoes Designers



TRENDS & EVENTS


EDITION


#SaksStyle


Prada Fall Editorial


The Trendcaster: Vol. 9 September


The Trendcaster: Vol. 8 August


The Trendcaster: Vol. 7 July


Fall Shoe Editorial Vol. 1


Jimmy Choo Fall Editorial


Valentino Fall Event


Gucci Fall Event


Manolo Blahnik Event


Burberry Heritage Event









Handbags



HANDBAGS


Shop All


New Arrivals


Crossbody Bags


Shoulder Bags


Totes


Clutches


Top Handles & Satchels


Mini Bags


Backpacks


Hobo Bags


Diaper Bags


Exotics


Bucket Bags


Beach Bags


Bag Accessories



WALLETS & CASES


Shop All


New Arrivals


Wallets


Card Cases & Coin Purses


Makeup Bags


Mobile & Computer Cases


SPECIAL OFFERS


Shop All


NEW & POPULAR


New Arrivals


Best Sellers


Saks Exclusives


Iconic Bags


Pretty & Embellished


Luxe Bohemian


Activewear Shop


SALE: Handbags


Shop All


SHOP BY DESIGNER


Handbags Designers



TRENDS & EVENTS


EDITION


#SaksStyle


Prada Fall Editorial


The Trendcaster: Vol. 9 September


The Trendcaster: Vol. 8 August


The Trendcaster: Vol. 7 July


Jimmy Choo Fall Editorial


Designer Handbag Editorial


Valentino Fall Event


Gucci Fall Event


Burberry Heritage Event









Jewelry & Accessories



JEWELRY


Shop All


New Arrivals


Earrings


Necklaces


Bracelets


Rings


Brooches


Jewelry Storage


FINE JEWELRY


Shop All


WATCHES


For Her


For Him


SUNGLASSES & OPTICALS


Shop All



ACCESSORIES


Scarves


Hats & Gloves


Cold-Weather Accessories


Fur & Faux Fur


Wraps, Capes & Vests


Belts


Hair & Makeup Accessories


Umbrellas & Key Chains


Wallets & Cases


Tech Cases & Accessories


Tights & Hosiery


NEW & POPULAR


New Arrivals


Best Sellers


Jewel Tones


Luxe Bohemian


Geometric


SALE: Jewelry & Accessories


Shop All


SHOP BY DESIGNER


Jewelry & Accessories Designers



TRENDS & EVENTS


EDITION


#SaksStyle


Jewelry Event


The Trendcaster: Vol. 9 September


The Trendcaster: Vol. 8 August


The Trendcaster: Vol. 7 July


Sunglasses Event


Burberry Heritage Event









Beauty



SPECIAL OFFERS


Shop All


FOR HER


Makeup


Skin Care


Fragrance


Gifts & Gift Sets


Bath & Body


Hair Care


Tools & Accessories


Sun Care & Bronzers


FOR HIM


Fragrance


Skin Care


Shaving


Gifts & Gift Sets


Bath & Body


Hair Care


Sun Care


Toiletry Kits & Cases


CANDLES, SOAPS & SCENTS


Shop All



NEW & POPULAR


New Arrivals


Best Sellers


The Apothecary Shop


Award Winners


Fall Collections


SALE: Beauty


Shop All


SHOP BY DESIGNER


Beauty Designers


TRENDS & EVENTS


EDITION


#SaksStyle


Glam Gardens Beauty Event









Men



APPAREL


Shop All


Activewear


Coats & Jackets


Dress Shirts


Jeans


Pants & Shorts


Sportshirts


Suits, Sportcoats & Vests


Sweaters & Sweatshirts


Swimwear


T-Shirts & Polos


Ties & Formalwear


Underwear, Socks & Sleepwear



SHOES


Shop All


Sneakers


Dress Shoes


Loafers


Boots


Lace-Ups


Drivers


Flip Flops & Sandals


Slippers


ACCESSORIES


Shop All


Belts


Briefcases, Bags & Totes


Lapel Pins


Luggage, Travel & Umbrellas


Scarves, Hats and Gloves


Sunglasses & Opticals


Tech Cases & Accessories


Ties & Pocket Squares


Wallets, Clips & Key Rings



CUFF LINKS, JEWELRY & WATCHES


Shop All


Cuff Links & Tie Bars


Jewelry


Watches


Jewelry & Watch Storage


GROOMING & COLOGNE


Cologne & Aftershave


Skin Care


Shaving


Hair Care


Sun Care


Bath & Body


Gifts & Gift Sets


Toiletry Kits & Cases


SPORTS & LEISURE


Sports Memorabilia


Bicycles


Leisure Accessories


Barware


Pens & Desk Accessories


Books & Games



NEW & POPULAR


New Arrivals


Best Sellers


Après Ski


City Shadows


Cutting-Edge Designers


The Golf Club


The Suiting Studio


Urban Couture


SPECIAL OFFERS


Shop All


SALE: Men


Shop All


SHOP BY DESIGNER


Men Designers


TRENDS & EVENTS


Made to Measure


EDITION


#SaksStyle


Men's Lifestyle Event


Burberry Heritage Event









Kids



BACK TO SCHOOL


Shop All


Girls (2-16)


Boys (2-20)


Shoes


Accessories


BABY (0-24 MONTHS)


Shop All


Newborn (0-9 Months)


Baby Girl (0-24 Months)


Baby Boy (0-24 Months)


Baby Gifts


Blankets, Bath & Feeding


Diaper Bags


Strollers & Accessories


GIRLS (SIZES 2-16)


Shop All


Girls (2-6)


Girls (7-16)


Bags, Jewelry & Accessories


Scarves, Hats & Gloves



BOYS (SIZES 2-20)


Shop All


Boys (2-6)


Boys (7-20)


Scarves, Hats & Gloves


SHOES FOR ALL AGES


Shop All


Baby (0-24 Months)


Girls (2-16)


Boys (2-20)


TOYS & GIFTS


Shop All


FURNITURE


Shop All


NEW & POPULAR


New Arrivals


Best Sellers


Premier Designer Shop


SPECIAL OFFERS


Shop All


SALE: Kids


Shop All



SHOP BY DESIGNER


Kids Designers


TRENDS & EVENTS


#SaksStyle


Burberry Kids' Event


Kids' Special Occasion Event






Home



HOME DECOR


Shop All


Frames


Pillows & Throws


Home Fragrance & Candles


Vases, Bowls & Trays


Room Accents


Books & Games


Desk Decor & Stationery


Furniture & Rugs


Outdoor Decor


BED & BATH


Bedding Collections


Bath


DINING & ENTERTAINING


Dinnerware


Serveware


Drinkware


Table Linens & Accessories



GOURMET FOODS


Gift Baskets & Gift Sets


Candies & Chocolates


Appetizers


Entrees & Side Dishes


Desserts


KITCHEN


Shop All


TRAVEL & TECH


Headphones & Speakers


Tech Cases


Totes & Luggage


Travel Accessories


Beach Towels


PERSONALIZATION


Shop All


PET ACCESSORIES


Shop All


SPORTS & LEISURE


Sports Memorabilia


Bicycles


Games



NEW & POPULAR


New Arrivals


Best Sellers


Designer Home


Wedding Gifts


Metallics


SALE: Home


Shop All


SHOP BY DESIGNER


Home Designers






Sale



SHOP BY CATEGORY


Women's Apparel


Shoes


Handbags


Jewelry & Accessories


Beauty


Men


Kids


Home


SHOP BY PRICE


Under $50


$50 - $150


$150 - $300


$300 - $500


$500 - $1000


$1000 - $2000


Over $2000


SALE: Trending Now


Fall Favorites


SHOP Saks OFF 5TH


saksoff5th.com





















 




 
All Categories
Women's Apparel
Shoes
Handbags
Jewelry & Accessories
Beauty
Men
Kids
Home
Sale





























24/7 Customer Service: 1.877.551.7257 •
Email •
Chat


OUR PRIVACY POLICY & OUR WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
Our Privacy Policy •
Our Website Terms of Use





OUR PRIVACY POLICY Last updated February 10, 2014.


Thank you for visiting our website, which is part of the Saks family
            of company sites, including Saks Fifth Avenue and Saks Fifth Avenue
            OFF 5TH (collectively, Saks). We are committed to providing an
            exciting and safe online shopping experience and elevated level of
            personal service synonymous with Saks. This commitment includes
            respecting and protecting the privacy of personal information that
            we obtain through our sites, via mobile, and from visits and
            purchases at our stores. This privacy policy provides you with
            information about how we collect, use and share your personal
            information, and our privacy practices in general.
We are always ready to address your questions and concerns regarding
            our privacy practices. Please feel free to contact us through one of
            the following methods:
By Email: service@saks.com
By Mail:
Saks Direct, Inc.
            P.O. Box 10327
            Jackson, MS 39289


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS



What information does Saks collect?


How does Saks use the information collected?


What information does Saks share with others?


How can I view, update or remove my information?


What choices do I have
                        about receiving communications from Saks?


Is there a Saks credit card?


What about security?


How does Saks communicate changes to this Policy?


What about other websites?


Whom do I
                        contact if I have additional questions or concerns about this policy?


What are California Privacy Rights?


Why is my billing address required for online
                        purchases?


What is Saks Text Alerts?


How do I subscribe/opt-In to Saks Text Alerts?


How do I unsubscribe/opt-out
                        of Saks Text Alerts?


How do I receive Saks 
                        Fifth Avenue Store Events for your Preferred Store Location?


Are there any
                        charges/user fees for receiving or sending Saks Text Alerts?


What are the supported
                        carriers for Saks Text Alerts?


What is the warranty for Saks Text Alerts?




What information does Saks collect?

The Information You Provide to Saks


In a purchase, we collect information
                        such as your name, billing address, shipping address,
                        telephone number, email address and payment or gift card
                        information.
                    
During website registration, product
                        review, surveys, or other programs you participate in,
                        we collect information such as your name, email address,
                        password, telephone number, loyalty program membership
                        information, gender, age or other demographic
                        information, your interests, and preferences.
                    
When you participate in sweepstakes,
                        contests or other promotions, we collect information
                        such as name, email address, telephone, zip code and
                        gender, birth month and day, or other information you
                        provide.
                    
When you send a gift or virtual gift card to a
                        person, we collect information such as that
                        person’s name, telephone number email, and/or shipping
                        address.
                    
When you ask us a question or request a
                        catalog, we collect your name, email address,
                        or other contact information.
                    
In a purchase at a co-branded designer
                        boutique within a section of a Saks Fifth
                        Avenue store (these boutiques are leased by the third
                        party designer), we and the boutique collect information
                        such as your name, billing address, shipping address,
                        telephone number, email address and payment or gift card
                        information.
                    

From Saks’ interactions with you: We collect
                    information about you and your transactions and other
                    interactions with us, including the products or services you
                    purchase, use and return.
From Third Party Sources: We may combine
                    your information with information we collect or receive
                    about you from other online and offline sources, which helps
                    us to customize our services.
Personalized Site Visits: We, or our service
                    providers, may use cookies, web beacons/pixel tags, log
                    files, and other technologies to collect information about
                    visitors to our website, use of our online services, and
                    interactions with our emails and online advertisements, such
                    as your browser type and operating system, viewed webpages,
                    links that are clicked, IP address, sites visited before
                    coming to our website, emails we send that you open,
                    forward, or click through to our website. Collecting this
                    information, and linking it with your personal information,
                    helps us to tailor our website and enhance your online
                    shopping experience by saving your preferences while you are
                    visiting a particular site, and to help identify site
                    features, promotions, advertisements, and offers that may be
                    of particular interest to you.
Personalized Third Party Advertisements: We
                    also may use third party advertisements placed by ad
                    networks to support our site. Some of these advertisers and
                    ad networks may use technology such as cookies and web
                    beacons/pixel tags when they advertise on our site, which
                    will also send these advertisers and ad networks information
                    including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to
                    visit our site, and whether you have Flash installed. Some
                    of these advertisers and ad networks also may use anonymous
                    data, such as demographic data, received from third parties
                    to assist in the delivery of advertisements to you. These
                    advertisers and ad networks use the information described
                    above to provide you relevant advertisements based on your
                    online behavior, search activities on our site and on other
                    third party sites, demographic information and/or relevant
                    to your general location, so that the advertising and offers
                    you see on our site more closely reflect your interests and
                    needs. For example, if you search for or browse a particular
                    designer or item on our site, you may see an advertisement
                    from a third party with information about, or an offer
                    similar to, that for which you were searching or browsing on
                    our site, or an offer related to a third party whose site
                    you have visited in the past.
You can set your Internet browser settings to stop
                    accepting new cookies, to receive notice when you receive a
                    new cookie, to disable existing cookies, and to omit images
                    (which will disable pixel tags). Note that the opt-out will
                    apply only to the browser that you are using when you elect
                    to opt out of advertising cookies. You can learn more about
                    and opt out from receiving third party advertiser cookies by
                    visiting the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page
                    here.
                    Without cookies or pixel tags though, you may not be able to
                    take full advantage of all of our website features.
                
Mobile Information: We offer mobile
                    applications ("apps") which allow you to shop online, check
                    product availability, learn about store events, or receive
                    other information from us. All personal information
                    collected via our mobile application is protected by this
                    Privacy Policy. We, or our service providers, may also
                    collect, use, or disclose personal information and
                    non-personal information from and about you on our mobile
                    websites and through your interactions with us on your
                    mobile device. This information may include a telephone
                    number and mobile device identifier provided by your mobile
                    device or wireless carrier, as applicable. You do not have
                    to provide your location information to use our mobile
                    applications however, store-specific services require a zip
                    code to function and we will save your zip code(s) for
                    future reference. When you download our mobile application,
                    you may choose to allow it to obtain your precise location.
                    In this case, we will determine your zip code from the
                    precise location data received from your mobile device. We
                    do not store precise location data; we only store the zip
                    code associated with the location. Our mobile applications
                    offer automatic (push) notifications. We will provide push
                    notifications only to those who opt-in to receive them. If
                    you have questions about location and notification privacy,
                    please contact your mobile service provider or the
                    manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your
                    settings. We may offer updated or enhanced versions of our
                    mobile applications that include additional features created
                    by us or using third party functionality. Our applications
                    or the third party may automatically collect information
                    about your precise location from your device, but only if
                    you allow it.

How does Saks use the information collected?


To complete your purchase transactions and provide the
                        services you request.
                    
To send you catalogs and other offerings on- and
                        offline.
                    
To contact you about the status of your orders.
To identify your product and service preferences, so
                        that you can be informed of new or additional products,
                        services, and promotions offered by the Saks family of
                        affiliated companies (including Saks Fifth Avenue, Saks
                        Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH, and future additions to the Saks
                        family), and other marketing partners that might be of
                        interest to you.
                    
To improve our sites, products/services, customer
                        service, and customer shopping experience.
                    


What information does Saks share with others?

Saks Family: We may share collected
                    information within the Saks family of affiliated companies
                    (including Saks Fifth Avenue, Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH,
                    Hudson’s Bay Company, Lord & Taylor, and future
                    additions to the Saks family).
Co-Marketing Partners: Saks may team with
                    another company to conduct joint sales programs (such as in
                    co-branded designer boutiques in our stores), sweepstakes,
                    promotional campaigns, and other jointly sponsored events.
                    In those cases, each of the participating co-marketing
                    partners may receive information about you.
Legal Disclosures: Saks may disclose the
                    information we receive from and about you to respond to
                    judicial process and provide information to law enforcement
                    agencies in accordance with applicable law. We also reserve
                    the right to share information with legal authorities and
                    other companies for fraud protection and credit risk
                    reduction, or to avoid injury to our rights or the rights of
                    any other person.
Sale of Business: During the normal course
                    of our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another
                    entity acquires all or a part of a business within the Saks
                    family of affiliated companies, information we have
                    collected about you may be transferred to such entity. In
                    addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is
                    brought by or against a business within the Saks family of
                    companies, such information may be considered an asset of
                    the company and may be sold or transferred to third parties.
                    Should a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable
                    efforts to try to require that the transferee use personally
                    identifiable information provided through this website in a
                    manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Saks Credit Card Accounts: We may share your
                    information with the financial institution that issues Saks
                    credit card accounts (please see the "Is there a Saks credit
                    card?" section for more information).
Service Providers: We use third-party
                    service providers to perform certain services on our behalf
                    when the information is necessary for them to perform their
                    duties. These third-party service providers are prohibited
                    from using personal information for any other purpose and
                    are contractually required to comply with all applicable
                    laws and requirements, which may include Payment Card
                    Industry Data Security Standards if they are processing
                    payments for Saks.

How can I view, update or remove my information?

If you have registered for an account or made a purchase, you
                    may view and update your account information by logging into
                    the
                    "Your
                        Account" section of the website with your email
                    address and password. Once logged in, you can view or update
                    your name, address, telephone number or email address. You
                    can also call, write or email a Customer Service
                    representative to access or update any of this information.
                

What choices do I have about receiving communications from
                Saks?
            

To receive promotional offers from the Saks family of
                    affiliated companies, you can sign up on our website or
                    contact a Customer Service representative. If you register
                    for an account or make a purchase, you will automatically
                    receive promotional emails and direct mail from the Saks
                    family of affiliated companies. You may opt out from
                    receiving promotional emails from the sender only by
                    clicking the unsubscribe link in any of the promotional
                    emails you receive. In addition, if you have a saks.com
                    account, you may change your email preferences regarding
                    email from saks.com by logging into the "Your Account"
                    section of the website or unsubscribe here.
                    You may change your email preferences regarding email
                    from Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH by clicking here.
                
Our customers receive standard order status communications,
                    such as order confirmation and shipping dates, via email.
                    Your choice to opt out of promotional emails will not affect
                    email notifications regarding your order with us.
If you would like to be removed from our Saks Fifth Avenue
                    catalog mailing list, please contact a Customer Service
                    representative by mail, phone or email to stop receiving
                    paper catalogs.
Saks also communicates via mobile text alerts to customers
                    who opt-in to the SAKS Alerts program. Users can opt-in
                    here. You will receive up
                    to 3 messages per week. No purchase necessary. Automated
                    messages will be delivered to the phone number you provide
                    at opt-in. For help, text HELP to short code 75283. To stop
                    receiving alerts, text STOP to 75283. Message and data rates
                    may apply.
Supported carriers: AT&T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint PCS,
                    T-Mobile, Virgin Mobile, US Cellular

Is there a Saks credit card?

The Saks Fifth Avenue MasterCard® and the Saks Fifth
                    Avenue private label credit cards are issued by Capital One
                    N.A. and are serviced by its affiliates, Capital One. Saks
                    does not collect or process any online applications for
                    these credit card products. Those applications are made
                    directly on the issuer-operated website and are subject to
                    its privacy policy and practices. MasterCard® is a
                    registered trademark of MasterCard International,
                    Incorporated. To obtain a privacy policy, opt-out
                    information, or contact information for the Saks Fifth
                    Avenue MasterCard® and the Saks Fifth Avenue private
                    label credit cards, you may contact
                    Cardmember Benefits.
            
What about security?

Protecting the security of your information is very important
                    to us. When you transmit sensitive personal information
                    (such as credit card information) from your computer to our
                    servers, your information is protected by both a "firewall"
                    (a combination of computer hardware and software that helps
                    keep unauthorized visitors from accessing information within
                    our computer network) and industry standard SSL (secure
                    socket layer) encryption. For our mobile website, we protect
                    your payment card information using encryption technology
                    when you place an order. Once we receive your transmission,
                    we will take reasonable precautions to secure and protect
                    the information on our systems. Unfortunately, no data
                    transmission over the Internet can be 100% secure and,
                    accordingly, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of
                    any information you disclose or transmit to us online.
                    However, we strive to protect your information and
                    privacy.

How does Saks communicate changes to this Policy?

Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be noted on the home
                    page of this website with a link to the revised policy. Your
                    continued use of the Site following posting of changes to
                    these terms will mean you accept these changes. If we change
                    the policy in any material way, we will provide appropriate
                    notice to you.

What about other websites?

Our website may include links to third-party websites that
                    are not affiliated with Saks. These websites may send their
                    own cookies to visitors, collect data or solicit your
                    information. The privacy policies of these other websites
                    may be very different from our policy. We are not
                    responsible for the privacy practices of these other
                    websites and cannot guarantee the security of any personal
                    information you provide to or collected by such third party
                    sites.

Whom do I contact if I have additional questions or concerns
                about this policy?
            

If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or
                    our privacy practices, please contact Customer Service by
                    Email, or telephone.

What are California Privacy Rights?

If you are a California resident and would like a copy of our
                    notice describing what categories of personal information we
                    share with third parties or corporate affiliates for their
                    direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of the
                    third parties and affiliates that received your information
                    in the past year, please submit a written request to the
                    following address specifying that you want a copy of Saks’
                    "California Privacy Rights" notice: Saks Direct, Inc., P.O.
                    Box 10327, Jackson, MS 39289, attn: California Privacy.
                    Please allow up to 30 days for us to process your request.
                    You may submit such a request once per year.

Why is my billing address required for online purchases?

We ask for your billing address in order to prevent against
                    fraudulent use of credit cards and reduce the costs to Saks
                    and its customers. We do not use billing addresses for
                    marketing purposes.

What is Saks Text Alerts?

We’ll text you when something special is happening at Saks Fifth Avenue.
                Now sales, events & insider access are closer—and more immediate—than ever.
                And don’t worry...you can always opt out (no hard feelings).
By opting in to Saks Text Alerts via online Web Form or Keyword,
                you agree to receive up to 3 auto-dialed marketing text messages per week
                delivered to the phone number provided at opt-in. Consent not required to
                purchase goods or services. Message and data rates may apply.

Shortcode: 75283 (S5AVE)
Frequency: Up to 3 messages per week. Msg & Data rates may apply
Basic Commands:
                        Text HELP to 75283 for Info
                        Text STOP to 75283 to opt-out


How do I subscribe/opt-In to Saks Text Alerts?

You may opt-in to Saks Text Alerts in one of two ways:

Fill out and submit the Saks Text Alerts web form located here. After submitting the web form, an autodialed
                    message will be sent to your phone number to verify your subscription. Please reply ‘Y’ to this message to confirm
                    your subscription.
                        Or
Text SAKS to 75283


How do I unsubscribe/opt-out of Saks Text Alerts?

You may cancel your Saks Text Alerts subscription at any time by
                    texting any of the following Opt-Out keywords to 75283:

Opt-Out Keywords
STOP
CANCEL
UNSUBSCRIBE
END
QUIT

You will not receive any additional messages unless you opt-in to the program again. 


                How do I receive Saks Fifth Avenue Store Events for your Preferred Store Location?
            

You can opt-in to receive Store Event alerts from your preferred Saks Fifth Avenue Store Location.
                You may opt-in to Store Event Alerts in one of two ways:

Fill out and submit the Saks Text Alerts web form located here. Select your Preferred Store
                    Location from the list provided. After submitting the web form, an auto-dialed message will be sent
                    to your phone number to verify your subscription if you haven’t previously subscribed to Saks Text
                    Alerts. Please reply ‘Y’ to this message to confirm your subscription.  Or,
Text the corresponding preferred store keyword (Full list below) to 75283.

Example:
Text ATL to 75283 to get Atlanta, GA Saks Fifth Avenue store events delivered to your phone.

Store NameStore Keyword
Atlanta, GAATL
Bal Harbour, FLBAL
Bala Cynwyd, PABALA
BeachwoodCLE
Bergen CountyBERGEN
Beverly HillsLA
Birmingham, ALAL
Boca Raton, FLBOCA
Boston, MABOS
Chevy ChaseCHEVY
Chicago, ILCHI
Cincinnati, OHCINCI


Store NameStore Keyword
ColumbusCOL
DadelandDADE
Fort MyersFTM
GreenwichCT
HoustonHOU
IndianapolisINDY
Las VegasLV
NaplesNAPLES
New Orleans, LANOLA
New York City, NYNY
Palm BeachPB
Palm Beach GardensPBG


Store NameStore Keyword
Palm DesertPALM
PhoenixPX
Raleigh, NCNC
Richmond, VAVA
San Antonio, TXSA
San Francisco, CASF
Santa Barbara, CASB
Sarasota, FLSRQ
Short Hills, NJNJ
South Coast PlazaSCP
St. LouisSTL
TroyTROY


Store NameStore Keyword
TulsaTULSA
Tyson’sTYSONS
Walt WhitmanWW
 
By texting a Store Keyword you will also be enrolled into
                Saks Text Alerts. You will receive no more than 3/msgs per week in total.

Are there any charges/user fees for receiving or sending Saks Text Alerts?

Message and data rates may apply. Saks does not charge you to participate in the program.
                    Saks will not charge you for receiving or sending text messages to or from S5AVE (75283).

What are the supported carriers for Saks Text Alerts?

Supported carriers: AT&T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint PCS, T-Mobile, Virgin Mobile, US Cellular.

What is the warranty for Saks Text Alerts?

Saks will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages connected with
                this program. Delivery of SMS messages is subject to effective transmission from your
                wireless service provider/network operator.

























Our newcatalog is here
The latest issue now available online.
                    View Now






Start Getting Points & More
from your first purchase with ourExclusive Rewards Card.
                    Apply Now










Sign Up For Daily Emails

 













We’re Dedicated to Our Customers 24/7

Customer Service
1.877.551.7257

Email


Chat

Personal Stylist




Shop Saks 

EDITION
The Trendcaster
Fall Fashion: A Designer Series
Collection: A Contemporary Series
 #SaksStyle Hub 
Catalogs
Gift Cards



Stores & Corporate

Store Locations & Events
Saks Canada
Bridal Trunk Shows
About Us
Careers
Policies



Shipping & Returns

Domestic
International
Order Status & Tracking



SaksFirst Card

SaksFirst
Pay Bills & Manage
Apply
Upgrade to the Saks MasterCard






Follow Us

Point of View
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
Instagram
Youtube
Download the Saks App:
Sign up for SMS:
Shop saksoff5th.com:





© 2015, Saks Fifth Avenue   •   CA Transparency in Supply Chains Act



























