







Privacy Policy







































Skip to content




Expert Service. Unbeatable Price.



Weekly Ad


Credit Cards


Gift Cards


Gift Ideas


Registry


Order Status


Store Locator







Best Buy Logo


Products



Appliances
Appliances's Menu


Kitchen Appliances



Small Kitchen Appliances

Coffee, Espresso, Blenders, Mixers & More



Refrigerators




Freezers & Ice Makers




Wine Refrigerators & Coolers




Dishwashers




Ranges, Cooktops & Wall Ovens




Range Hoods




Microwaves




Kitchen Appliance Packages






Appliance Parts & Accessories

Water Filters, Cleaning Solution & More


Appliance Services




Laundry & Garment Care



Washers & Dryers




Laundry Packages




Irons, Steamers & Sewing Machines




Vacuum Cleaners & Floor Care




Heating, Cooling & Air Quality

Air Conditioners, Fans, Dehumidifiers & More



Outdoor Living

Grills, Patio Heaters, Furniture & More


 







TV & Home Theater
TV & Home Theater's Menu


Televisions



4K Ultra HD TVs




Smart TVs




Curved TVs




LED & LCD TVs




OLED TVs




Outdoor TVs




See All Televisions






TV Stands, Mounts & Furniture




TV & Home Theater Accessories

HDMI Cables, Antennas, Remotes & More



TV & Internet Service Providers



TV & Home Theater Services




A/V Components



Blu-ray & DVD Players




Home Audio

Receivers, Speakers, Wireless Audio & More



Home Theater Systems




Projectors & Screens




Sound Bars




Streaming Media Players



 







Computers & Tablets
Computers & Tablets's Menu


Computers



Laptops




Desktops & All-in-One Computers




Monitors




Printers, Ink & Toner




Hard Drives & Storage




Networking & Wireless




Computer Cards & Components

Memory, Processors, Video Cards & More



Computer Accessories & Peripherals

Laptop Bags, Keyboards, Mice, Flash Drives & More



Software




PC Gaming

Hardware, Peripherals & Games




Computer & Tablet Services




Tablets & E-Readers



iPad




Tablets




Kids' Tablets




iPad & Tablet Accessories




E-Readers & Accessories



 







Cell Phones
Cell Phones's Menu


Shop by Carrier



Verizon Wireless




AT&T;




Sprint




T-Mobile






Cell Phone Trade-In




Cell Phone Upgrade Checker



Cell Phone Services




Phones & Accessories



iPhone




Samsung Galaxy




Phones with Plans




No-Contract Phones




Unlocked Phones




Refurbished & Pre-Owned Phones




Mobile Hotspots




Cell Phone Accessories

Cases, Screen Protectors, Hotspots & More


 







Cameras & Camcorders
Cameras & Camcorders's Menu


Digital Cameras



Digital SLR Cameras




Mirrorless Cameras




Point & Shoot Cameras




Camera Lenses




Memory Cards




Digital Camera Accessories






Aerial Drones & Accessories




Photo Printers




Digital Photo Frames




Binoculars, Telescopes & Optics




Security Cameras & Systems




Webcams





Camcorders



Action Camcorders




Traditional Camcorders




Professional Camcorders




Camcorder Accessories



Camera & Camcorder Services


 







Audio
Audio's Menu


Portable Audio



iPod & MP3 Players




Headphones




Docks, Radios & Boomboxes




Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers




iPod & MP3 Player Accessories




Car Audio




Musical Instruments





Home Audio



Home Theater Systems




Receivers & Amplifiers




Speakers




CD Players & Turntables




Stereo Shelf Systems




Wireless & Multiroom Audio




Home Audio Accessories



 







Car Electronics & GPS
Car Electronics & GPS's Menu





GPS Navigation & Accessories




Car Audio




Car Security & Remote Starters




Car Video




Car Safety & Convenience




Smartphone & iPod Car Connectors




Satellite Radios




Radar Detectors




Car Installation Parts & Accessories




Marine Electronics



Car & GPS Professional Installation






Video Games, Movies & Music
Video Games, Movies & Music's Menu


Video Games



Xbox One




Xbox 360




PlayStation 4




PlayStation 3




Wii U




PlayStation Vita




Nintendo 3DS




PC Gaming




See All Consoles




Toys to Life

amiibo, Skylanders, Disney Infinity & More



Pre-Owned Games




Video Game Trade-In





Movies & Music



Movies & TV Shows




New Releases (DVDs & Blu-ray)




Music




New Releases (Music)




Digital Movies & Music Cards

iTunes, Pandora, Spotify, Google Play & More



Musical Instruments



 







Health, Fitness & Beauty
Health, Fitness & Beauty's Menu


Health & Fitness



Activity Trackers & Pedometers




Assistive Technology

Hearing, Vision & Accessibility Technology



Exercise Equipment




Fitness & GPS Watches




Health Monitoring & Testing




Scales




Smart Sports Equipment




Sports & Outdoor Recreation




Sports Fan Shop




Health & Fitness Accessories

Armbands, Wristbands, Headphones & More




Personal Care & Beauty



Hair Care




Massagers & Spa




Oral Care




Shavers & Trimmers




Skin Care




See All Personal Care & Beauty



 







Home & Office
Home & Office's Menu


Home



Appliances




Batteries & Power




Furniture & Decor




Home Automation & Security

Thermostats, Lighting, Monitoring & More



Household Essentials

Luggage, Light Bulbs, Tools & More



Outdoor Living

Grills, Patio Furniture, Outdoor Heating & More



Toys, Games & Hobbies

Electronic Toys, Robotic Kits & More




Office



Printers, Ink & Toner




Scanners, Faxes & Copiers




Projectors & Screens




Telephones & Communication




Office Electronics




Office & School Supplies




Office & Business Software




Office Furniture & Storage



 







Wearable Technology
Wearable Technology's Menu


Wearable Technology



Action Camcorders




Activity Trackers & Pedometers




Apple Watch




Fitness & GPS Watches




Headphones




Pet Tracking Devices




Smart Sports Equipment




Smartwatches & Accessories




Virtual Reality Headsets







 







Shop by Brand
Shop by Brand's Menu


Featured Brands




Apple





Samsung





Sony





Microsoft





Shop All Brands





Specialty Shops



Pacific Sales

Featuring Viking, Thermador, Jenn-Air & More



Magnolia

Featuring Bowers & Wilkins, Definitive Technology, Martin Logan, Pioneer Elite & More



Camera Experience Shop

More Cameras. More Help. More Hands-On.


 









Services



Geek Squad



Protection Plans




Computer & Tablet Services




TV & Home Theater Services




Car & GPS Professional Installation




Appliance Services




Cell Phone Services




See All Geek Squad Services



AppleCare



AppleCare Protection & AppleCare+





Support



Chat with a Geek Squad Agent




Schedule a Reservation




Track Your Repair




Customer Service



Additional Services



Find Replacement Parts




Trade-In Program




Recycle Your Old Products



 







Deals



Weekly Ad
This week's best deals, all in one place.


Deal of the Day
A great deal, today only.


Best Buy Outlet
Clearance, pre-owned, refurbished and open-box.


Hottest Deals
Great deals happening right now.


College Student Deals
Smart offers and coupons, for students only.








Search Best Buy
clear 



















Sign InCreate Account

Sign In
 or 


Create a My Best Buy Account
Get rewards and exclusive deals, make lists, check your order status, and more.

Account Home
Lists
 




Cart 












We're sorry, it appears that JavaScript is disabled in your browser. To view the full content of BestBuy.com, please enable JavaScript.






























Best Buy >
Best Buy Privacy Hub


 











Thank you for inquiring about the Best Buy Privacy Policy
The Best Buy Privacy Hub is a resource for our customers. You can view our Privacy Policy and learn more about our privacy practices and how you can control your personal information. Plus, you'll find links to third parties that provide information on how to protect your identity online.





Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect, use, share and protect your information.
This Privacy Policy tells you:

What information we collect
How we use that information
How we may share that information
How we protect your information
Your choices regarding your personal information

This Policy applies to BestBuy.com, Best Buy stores and other locations under the Best Buy name. This Policy may not apply to other Best Buy brands such as Future Shop (FutureShop.ca), Best Buy Canada (BestBuyCanada.ca), Magnolia Audio Video (Magnoliaav.com), Geek Squad (GeekSquad.com), Pacific Sales (PacificSales.com), or Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co. (Five-Star.cn), among others, each of which may have their own privacy policies. We may post additional information if more details are needed to explain our privacy practices.
Information We Collect
Information You Give Us
We collect and store information you provide through our websites, mobile applications, or in our stores. For example, we collect information from you when you place an order, create an account, call us with a question, create a List, write a review, or use any of our services.
The information we collect from you includes things like:

Your name
Your mailing address
Your e-mail address
Your phone number
Your credit card number and other payment information
Your driver's license number
Credit application information, such as your Social Security number
Demographic and lifestyle information, such as age, personal interests and product preferences

It may also include information you give us about other people, such as the name and address of a gift recipient, or the name and contact info of a Friends & Family Pickup person.
Information from Other Sources
We may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties that help us update, expand and analyze our records and identify new customers.
Automated Online Information Collection
We collect information related to your interactions with our websites and apps to create a superior, personalized shopping experience, whether you are online or in our stores. This information includes your IP address, browsing behavior while on our website, browser and device characteristics, and referring URLs. This information is collected and stored using a variety of common technologies, including various types of cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons, and tags. 
Learn more about managing cookies, Flash cookies, and other automated online information collection. These technologies may also allow us to identify you as a particular Best Buy retail store customer when you visit our websites, and to link your activities on our websites to your interactions with us in our stores.
Our websites and mobile applications are not designed to respond to "do not track" requests from browsers.
To help us understand and enhance our interactions with you, we may permit web analytics and other providers to collect and process information on our websites using the technologies described above. We also may share personal information with those providers. We may have similar arrangements with interest-based advertisers. Interest-based advertising is covered in more detail below.
Location Information
Some of our websites and mobile applications may collect certain information such as the type of mobile device you're using or your specific location to help you search for one of our stores. To allow any application to identify your location, you must enable this functionality through your mobile device's settings to allow the use of technologies such as Wi-Fi, GPS signals, cell tower position, or other technologies. Best Buy has no control over your device's settings.
Store Cameras
Our stores may use cameras for asset protection and other operational purposes, such as measuring traffic patterns and protecting and improving our business. 
Public Forums 
Our websites offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. 
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect for things like:

Fulfilling orders and requests for products, services or information
Processing returns, exchanges and layaway requests
Tracking and confirming online orders
Delivering or installing products
Managing our My Best Buy® program
Marketing and advertising products and services
Conducting research and analysis
Establishing and managing your accounts with us
Communicating things like special events, sweepstakes, promotions and surveys
Processing My Best Buy® Credit Card applications
Identifying you on our websites and tailoring advertisements and offers to you (both on our websites and on other websites) based on your interactions with us in our stores and online
Facilitating interactions with Best Buy and others, such as enabling you to e-mail a link to a friend
Operating, evaluating and improving our business

Data Retention
We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
How We Share the Information We Collect
Best Buy does not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties.
Best Buy Co., Inc. is the parent company of the Best Buy Companies ("Best Buy"), and as such, if you provide information to any of the businesses, stores or websites owned or operated by Best Buy, this information may be combined or shared among current or future Best Buy Co., Inc. entities, including affiliates and subsidiaries and will be governed by each of their privacy policies, as applicable. 
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as:

Fulfilling orders
Delivering packages
Scheduling and performing installations
Servicing products
Maintaining our My Best Buy® program
Sending Best Buy marketing communications
Fulfilling subscription services
Conducting research and analysis
Applying for credit cards and processing credit card payments
Providing chat functions

Sometimes we may be required to share personal information in response to a regulation, court order or subpoena. We may also share information when we believe it's necessary to comply with the law. We may also share information to respond to a government request or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Best Buy, our customers, or others; to prevent harm or loss; or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution or similar event. You will be notified via e-mail and/or a prominent notice on our applicable website(s) of any change in ownership, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
We may share personal information in connection with financial products or services related to our business such as private label credit cards. We may also share personal information in connection with co-branded product or service offerings. For example, when you apply for a Best Buy credit card, we may share your personal information with our banking partners that issue the card.
How We Protect the Information We Collect
Whether you are shopping online or in our stores, we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it. Best Buy cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us. The Best Buy websites use encryption technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data transport. SSL protects information you submit via our websites such as ordering information, including your name, address and credit card number. Information you provide to us via our in-store kiosk does not traverse the public Internet.
Your Choices Regarding the Information We Collect
You may choose to:

Stop receiving marketing or promotional e-mails, direct mail, phone and mobile marketing communications
Update and correct your personal information
Deactivate your account
Request removal of content or personal information posted by you from our website, online service, online application, mobile application, blog, or community forum. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your content or personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. Please note: Even if we are able to anonymize or make your content or information no longer visible, this does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of your content or personal information from the Internet as third parties may retain screen shots of Best Buy web pages (e.g., cache files).

To do any of these, let us know by one of these methods:

Follow the directions in a marketing e-mail or direct mail or mobile communication that you receive from us
Call 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289) with your request and current contact information
Send an e-mail with your request and current contact information to: PrivacyManager@bestbuy.com
Send a letter with your request and current contact information to:

Best Buy Corporate Campus
Attn: Customer Care/Privacy
7601 Penn Avenue South
Richfield, MN 55423-3645

 
Interest-Based Advertising
Learn more about interest-based advertising. You can opt out of interest-based advertising from third party providers who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising at www.aboutads.info/choices.
Protecting Children's Privacy
We are committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Links to Other Websites 
Our websites link to other websites, many of which have their own privacy policies. Be sure to review the privacy policy on the website you're visiting.
Social Media Widgets
Our website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our website. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may need to update our Privacy Policy as Best Buy and our customers grow and evolve. If we make material changes, we will notify you by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective, as well as inform you of any choices you may have with respect to these changes.
TRUSTe Privacy Seal
Best Buy Co., Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website, www.BestBuy.com, and does not cover information that may be collected through our mobile applications.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at PrivacyManager@bestbuy.com. If you are not satisfied with our response, you can contact TRUSTe here.
Contact TRUSTe for fax and postal mail information. [TRUSTe's Dispute Resolution process is only available in English.]
Have Questions?
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or practices, we'll do our best to answer them. Here's how to contact us:
Phone:
1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289)
E-mail:
PrivacyManager@bestbuy.com
Address:
Best Buy Corporate Campus
Attn: Customer Care/Privacy
7601 Penn Avenue South
Richfield, MN 55423-3645

Last Updated 07/31/2014



 





News and Information






Recently, several popular websites have had security breaches that impacted their users. These breaches were not caused by, nor did they impact, Best Buy. However, we believe some users of these sites also have BestBuy.com accounts. If you use the same log-in information for your BestBuy.com account as you do on other websites, we recommend you reset your password.
For more information on safeguarding your personal information, click the link below.
Learn how to protect your online accounts ›










Protecting Your Privacy







Best Buy cares about your privacy and we want to ensure you have the information you need to protect your personal information. Read about how to spot and avoid online scams and access links for additional fraud-prevention resources. 
Learn how to protect your online accounts ›
Learn about phishing, smishing and gift card scams ›










Privacy Information






Privacy Policy Highlights





Privacy FAQs
Have questions about privacy? Check out Frequently Asked Questions for answers.




Contact Us
Please contact us with questions.
Phone:
1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289)
E-mail:
PrivacyManager@bestbuy.com
Address:
Best Buy Corporate Campus
Attn: Customer Care/Privacy
7601 Penn Avenue South
Richfield, MN 55423-3645











Resources






TRUSTe Validation






The TRUSTe seal indicates that BestBuy.com complies with the world's largest privacy seal program, certifying more than 3,500 websites.





FTC Identity Theft
This website is a one-stop national resource to understand how to avoid identity theft—and learn what to do if your identity is stolen.





Privacy Rights Clearing House
This organization aims to empower consumers on protecting privacy. Learn how to deal with and reduce the risk of identity theft.









Best Buy Brands






Best Buy has multiple brands, some of which have separate privacy policies. To visit their sites and review their privacy policies, click on More Best Buy Sites under Corporate Info below or click here.





 

















Enter your e-mail address to get the Latest Deals and More





Please enter a valid email address.
System Error: Please try again.
Thank you. Please check your email.







My Best Buy ›


View Points and Certificates
Learn More
Exclusive Offers
Sign in or Create Account




Credit Cards ›


Make Payment/Check Balance
Credit Card Offers
Apply Now




Orders & Returns ›


Order Status
Shipping, Delivery & Store Pickup
Return & Exchange Promise
Price Match Guarantee
Pay With Points
More Orders & Returns Help




Support & Services ›


Customer Service
Protection Plans
Installation
Trade-in Center
Product Recalls
More Support & Services









Forums, Blog & More
Corporate Information
Careers
Partnerships
Conditions of Use
Privacy
Interest-Based Ads
California Privacy Rights
CA Supply Chain Transparency Act






Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Pinterest


Español
Mobile Site


 Give Feedback



Prices and offers are subject to change. © 2015 Best Buy. All rights reserved. BEST BUY, the BEST BUY logo, the Tag Design, MY BEST BUY, and BESTBUY.COM are trademarks of Best Buy and its affiliated companies.

TRUSTe Certificate
















