



	Monster Privacy Center | Monster.com


























Skip to Navigation
Skip to job search form
Skip to page content




Are You An Employer?
If you're looking to post a job or search resumes, go to our employer website. (Thanks, but I'm looking for jobs).
Don't display this message again























ResumesSkip to Jobs menu itemSkip to job search formSkip to help links Post a ResumeCreate a Cover LetterResume Writing Services
Top Articles

Resume Samples
Cover Letter Tips
Accomplishments on Your Resume
Four Things That Can Get Your Resume Tossed
Cover Letter Tips for Older Workers
How to Decide on Resume Length
Resume Tips for Job Fairs
Sample Cover Letter for a Teacher
Resume Dilemma: Overqualified


CloseJobsSkip to Career Resources menu itemSkip to job search formSkip to help links Advanced SearchBrowse JobsSaved SearchSaved JobsApply History
Most Popular Jobs

Courier Jobs
Delivery Driver Jobs
Dental Assistant Jobs
Electrician Jobs
Medical Assistant Jobs
Paralegal Jobs
Pharmacist Jobs
Pharmacy Technician Jobs
Receptionist Jobs
Security Guard Jobs


CloseCareer ResourcesSkip to Static MenuSkip to job search formSkip to help links NewsBrowse Career AdviceCommunitiesCareer ServicesCareer Management ToolsCompany Profiles
Additional Resources

Resume Writing Services
Resume Advice
Interviewing Tips
Personal Finance Center
Salary & Benefits
Career Advice by Industry
Education & Training
Monster Blog
Diversity Resources

Close




Join Us
or
Sign In
Help & Security
 



FAQ
Security
Privacy Policy

Close



Employers: Post Jobs & Find Talent








Use New Search







in




Search

Advanced Search
Browse Jobs







Close

Categories


Accounting jobs
Administrative jobs
Banking jobs
Business jobs
Creative Design jobs
Customer Service jobs
Editorial jobs
Engineering jobs
Finance jobs
Human Resources jobs
IT jobs
Legal jobs
Logistics jobs
Maintenance jobs
Manufacturing jobs
Marketing jobs
Project Management jobs
Quality Assurance jobs
R&D jobs
Sales jobs




Industries


Advertising jobs
Aeronautics jobs
Agriculture and Fishing jobs
Automotive jobs
Biotech jobs
Construction jobs
Education jobs
Engineering jobs
Food Services jobs
Government jobs
Healthcare jobs
Hospitality jobs
Insurance jobs
Personal Services jobs
Real Estate jobs
Retail jobs
Security jobs
Technology jobs
Telecommunications jobs
Transportation jobs




Locations


Atlanta jobs
Austin jobs
Boston jobs
Chattanooga jobs
Chicago jobs
Cincinnati jobs
Columbus jobs
Dallas jobs
Denver jobs
Houston jobs
Knoxville jobs
Las Vegas
Madison jobs
Milwaukee jobs
New Orleans jobs
Portland jobs
San Antonio jobs
San Diego jobs
San Francisco jobs
Seattle jobs





Need more options? Browse Jobs by
        Company,
        Date Posted,
        Job Title, and
        
more job categories

 









	Privacy Policy

Privacy Center Home » Privacy Policy



Privacy Center Home
Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Rights
Privacy FAQs
About Our Ads
FAQs About Our Ads
Private Resume Database Hosting
Cookie Info
Contact Us





Additional Resources


Accessibility Center
Security Center
Terms Of Use



Need more help?
Need help signing in to your account or with general support questions? Please contact us here.
For additional help, click here.












Your Privacy Rights
Monster collects information about you and uses this information to help you connect with employers and job seekers and to provide other services to you. This policy describes how your information is collected and used and your choices with respect to your personal information. We encourage you to review our full Privacy Policy for detailed information on our privacy practices.
Scope of this Policy
This policy applies to information we collect or use on sites and applications owned or controlled by Monster Worldwide, Inc. or its affiliated companies ("Monster").
Monster is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of ad networks and other websites, third parties with whom we work to provide you personalized services, or those who access your information on our sites or applications.
Information We Collect

We self-certify compliance with:







We collect information about you when you use Monster. We collect information directly from you such as your contact information, resume, and profile information. We also collect information about you automatically such as how you use and interact with Monster, your demographic information, and information about your computer or mobile device.
We may collect or use information about you from publicly-available websites whether or not you have an account with us. You will have the opportunity to claim, change the visibility setting of, or remove the information. However we cannot guarantee that we will not later collect from publicly-available websites other information that pertains to you.
We may also acquire information about you from third parties to further personalize and enhance your experience.
How We Use Information
We use the information we collect about you to deliver the products and services we offer, respond to you, and operate and improve our sites and applications. Our services include showing you personalized content and advertising on Monster or other sites with which we have a business relationship. We may use your information to contact you about Monster updates, conduct surveys, or to provide informational and service-related communications, including important security updates.
Information you share in public areas of Monster or make visible in the resume and profile database may be accessed, used, and stored by others around the world. We strive to provide a safe environment by attempting to limit access to our database to legitimate users, but we cannot guarantee that unauthorized parties will not gain access. We also cannot control how authorized users store or transfer information you give to us, so you should not post sensitive information to Monster.
How We Share Information
We do not share contact information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your consent.
We share your information with third parties who help us deliver our products and services to you. These third parties may not use your information for any other purpose.
We may share information to third parties if you consent. For example, we may use your information to contact you about products or services available from Monster or our affiliates. If you opt in, we may supply your information to third parties who may contact you about their products or services. You may change your contact preferences by adjusting your notification settings.
We may disclose to third parties information that we have collected from other websites.
We disclose information where legally required.
We may disclose and transfer information to a third party who acquires any or all of Monster's business units.
How We Store Information
We store your information to make your interaction with Monster more efficient, practical, and relevant. You may access, review, correct, update, or delete your resume or profile any time by signing in to your account. If you do not have an account, please contact us.
When you delete your personal information, we will retain logs and non-personal information about your activity on Monster. We will also retain an archival copy of your information which is not accessible by you or third parties on the Internet. If your personal information was previously accessed by others using Monster, we are unable to delete the information from their systems.
Other Information
Monster is not intended for children under 13 years of age.
We participate in the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Framework and we are a member of TRUSTe.
We use cookies to help personalize and maximize your online experience on Monster. You may turn off cookies; however, this will adversely affect your use of Monster.
For information on how to protect yourself online, visit the Security Center.
Contact Information
You may contact us online for questions or concerns about our privacy practices or the Safe Harbor program. You may also write to us at:
Privacy Office
Monster Worldwide, Inc.
133 Boston Post Road
Weston, MA 02493
If you feel we have not properly addressed your question or concern, you may contact TRUSTe for further assistance.














 
    Search Jobs:



Use New Search







in



Advanced Search



Search







                    For Employers: Post Jobs | Search Resumes | Advertise

Jobs in US | 
Jobs in Canada | 
Jobs in UK | 
Emplois en France | 
Jobs in Deutschland | 
Vacatures in Nederland
About Monster | 
Work for Monster | 
Advertise with Us | 
AdChoices  | 
Partner with Us | 
Investor Relations |  
Social Media 
Terms of Use | 
Privacy Center |
Accessibility Center  |
Help  | 
Security | 
Contact Us | 
Sitemap | 
Mobile


                                   ©2015 Monster - All Rights Reserved U.S. Patents No. 5,832,497; 7,599,930 B1; 7,827,125 and 7,836,060 MWW - Looking for Monster Cable? - V: 2015.18.0.126-305                      
















