








Gratipay: Vulnerability Disclosure via HackerOne















    It looks like your JavaScript is disabled. For a better experience on HackerOne, enable JavaScript in your browser.
  
















Gratipay
Gratitude? Gratipay! Payments and payroll for open work.


gratipay.com


@gratipay









Profile


Thanks








Guidelines
We ask that all researchers:

  Make every effort to avoid privacy violations, degradation of user experience, disruption to production systems, and destruction of data during security testing;
  Perform research only within the scope set out below;
  Use the identified communication channels to report vulnerability information to us; and
  Keep information about any vulnerabilities you’ve discovered confidential between yourself and Gratipay until we’ve had 90 days to resolve the issue.

If you follow these guidelines when reporting an issue to us, we commit to:

  Not pursue or support any legal action related to your research;
  Work with you to understand and resolve the issue quickly (including an initial confirmation of your report within 72 hours of submission);
  Recognize your contribution on HackerOne, if you are the first to report the issue and we make a code or configuration change based on the issue.

Scope

https://gratipay.com
https://grtp.co
the Aspen web framework
any other software we publish


Out of scope
Any services hosted by 3rd party providers and services are excluded from scope.
In the interest of the safety of our users, staff, the Internet at large and you as a security researcher, the following test types are excluded from scope:

  Findings from physical testing such as office access (e.g. open doors, tailgating)
  Findings derived primarily from social engineering (e.g. phishing, vishing)
  Findings from applications or systems not listed in the ‘Scope’ section
  UI and UX bugs and spelling mistakes
  Network level Denial of Service (DoS/DDoS) vulnerabilities

Things we do not want to receive:

  Personally identifiable information (PII)
  Credit card holder data

How to Report a Security Vulnerability
If you believe you’ve found a security vulnerability in one of our products or platforms, please send it to us on HackerOne.
Email
We prefer that you file reports on HackerOne, but we also accept reports via email to security@gratipay.com. Please include the following details with your report:

  Description of the location and potential impact of the vulnerability;
  A detailed description of the steps required to reproduce the vulnerability (POC scripts, screenshots, and compressed screen captures are all helpful to us); and
  Your name/handle and a link for recognition in our Hall of Fame.

To encrypt your message, you may use our PGP key:
$ curl https://gratipay.com/about/security/pgp.asc | gpg --import
gpg: key 7A5F6B30: "Gratipay Security <security@gratipay.com>" imported
gpg: Total number processed: 1
gpg:               imported: 1
$

We only use PGP to decrypt messages, never to encrypt messages or authenticate our identity. Instead, we'll create a ticket on HackerOne to track your report, which we'll invite you to join (see our internal policy document for more details). If you do not wish to join HackerOne, we can acknowledge you instead on our legacy Hall of Fame instead.



Domains

gratipay.com
grtp.co
aspen.io
github.com/gratipay







Now











Gratipay resolved Stored XSS On Statement that was submitted by egyxos.


      

8 days ago















Gratipay resolved a report that was submitted by ashesh.


      

18 days ago















Gratipay resolved Self XSS Protection not used , I can trick users to insert JavaScript that was submitted by ashesh.


      

28 days ago















Gratipay resolved [gratipay.com] CRLF Injection that was submitted by bobrov.


      

About 1 month ago















Gratipay resolved a report that was submitted by hammad.


      

About 2 months ago















          Gratipay published their program on HackerOne.


      

About 2 months ago











4
Hackers thanked


5
Reports closed















