







Buckle.com | Privacy Policy


























Military Guests, thank you for your service.

10% Military Discount




Guest Services
 800-607-9788











US Store Locator
Buckle Card Bill Pay
My Account
Sign In
Help



















My Bag (0)
Wish List Search





                Women
            



                Men
            



                Kids
            

Boys
Girls




                New Arrivals
            

Men
Women




                Jeans
            

Men
Women




                Brands
            

Men
Women




                BKE
            

Men
Women




                Shoes
            

Men
Women




                Sale
            

Men
Women




                Style
            

Men
Women









Shopping/Ordering



Finding Products


Ordering Methods


Payment Options


Order Inquiry


Primo Card





Your Account



Forgot Password


Sign In/Create Account


Edit Your Profile


Your Address Book


Maintain Payment Options


View Order History


Email Updates


Maintain Your Wish List





Shipping/Handling



Shipping Rates/Options


International Shipping





Returns



Return Policy


How to Return


International Return Policy





Promotions



Buckle Card Double Points Fall 2015


BUCKLE BLACK CREDIT CARD Exclusive Gift


Fox Ride Your Dream Giveaway Official Rules


Bench Gear Giveaway Official Rules


Store Events


Social Giveaway Official Rules


Sweepstakes Winners


Spring Brand Event Official Rules 2015





Gift Cards/Services



Gift Services


Gift Card Donation Requests





Our Merchandise



Availability


Pricing Policy


Size Help


Care Instructions


Factory Seconds


Alterations


Layaway





Buckle Credit Card



Buckle Credit Card


Buckle Card Payment Options





Privacy & Security



Privacy Policy


Privacy Policy - Applicant


Terms & Conditions


Safe Shopping


Image Use Agreement





Technical Help



Technical Difficulties


Javascript


Cookies


Accessibility





Buckle Information



Military Discounts


Team Highlights


Ratings & Reviews


Get Fitted


Store Locator


Investor Information


Screenprinting


Vendor Compliance


Buckle Outlet Stores


Fraud Alert


Buckle Coupons


Glossary Term Index


Corporate Profile


Affiliate Program


Music/Celebrity Sponsorship Requests





FAQs







Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security Policy 
The Buckle, Inc. ("Buckle") cares about the privacy of our Guests. Our goal is to provide the best shopping experience possible for our Guests, and we strive to achieve that goal through our Internet shopping experience. Buckle.com collects client information to enhance your shopping experience.
General Browsing 
Buckle.com gathers navigational information about where our visitors go on our web site and information about the technical efficiencies of our web site and services (i.e. time to connect to our web site, time to download pages). This information allows us to see which areas of Buckle.com are most visited and helps us to better understand our Guests' experience at Buckle.com. This helps us to improve the quality of our visitors' online shopping experiences by recognizing and delivering more of the features, services and products our visitors prefer. In the process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (i.e. domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may be collected which will provide information regarding a visitor's use of our web site (such as the time of a visitor's last visit to a page on our web site).
If you cancel an order or do not complete an order, we may collect and use any email address or other information that you have entered as we would collect and use it if you had completed an order. For example, if you shop Buckle.com and leave the site without completing your order, we may follow up through email with a reminder.
Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information 
We collect information from you, which you provide to us at this web site, including but not limited to when you establish or update an account, enter a sweepstakes, participate in a survey, shop online or create or send a wish list. Categories of information collected include name, address, email address, recipient's email address, telephone number, credit card information and messages you create. This information is used to enable Buckle.com to deliver products that you have ordered, to fulfill requests that you have created, to contact you or the recipient(s) in the event of order or delivery difficulties, for verification, to respond to your inquiries and to deliver services and information about our products or web site to you. We use third parties to help us provide services related to payments, site activity, surveys, database maintenance, email administration, recruiting, and sweepstakes.
If you opt into our email list the information you provide (for example, name, email address, country, gender, and age certification) will be added to a database. The Buckle, Inc. may use that information for our own internal marketing purposes. We may request information from you about your fashion tastes, your hobbies or your music interests. This information will be collected from you directly and openly. Using the information you give us, we may contact you with information or special offers. We will not require you to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity as a condition of participation. The Buckle, Inc. does not sell the personal information of any of our guests.
Buckle.com continually strives to maintain compliance with legal regulations. If we become aware of or have a good faith belief that we must disclose information about you in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity, we will disclose specific information about you to the appropriate legal authorities in order to protect the users of our Web site, the site, and/or the public.
Do-Not-Track 
Since we do not collect individual Guest's personally identifiable information about their online activities across third-party websites or online services, we do not search for or respond to do-not-track signals. We do not share personally identifiable information with third parties except to provide the services described above under "Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information." If services are provided directly by a third party using a link from our website to theirs, the third party's privacy policy and do-not-track practices apply.
Applicants 
We've partnered with Oracle to assist with our recruitment process. If you create an account in the Buckle Career Center or submit an online job application to Buckle.com, you will be providing your personal information directly to Oracle. The information you provide to Oracle by clicking "Login" or "New User" in Buckle's Career Center would be subject to Buckle's Privacy and Security Policy for Applicants, which may be viewed by clicking this link: Buckle - Privacy and Security Policy for Applicants Privacy Policy - Applicant. For your convenience, other choices are offered for signing in or creating an account, each with their own privacy policy.
Prescreened Offers of Credit 
Buckle also shares and receives information about you from Comenity Bank, including, but not limited to information on your creditworthiness for private label credit card offers. This includes a credit preauthorization service that begins during checkout on Buckle.com. According to the FTC, this prescreening process does not have a negative effect on your credit report or credit score. If you prefer not to receive prescreened credit offers from Buckle and other companies, you may call 1-888-5-OPTOUT or visit www.optoutprescreen.com to limit access to your credit report information. According to the FTC, requests to opt out are processed within five days, but it may take up to 60 days before you stop receiving prescreened offers. If you later change your mind, you may use the same toll-free telephone number or website to opt back in.
Comenity Bank issues and owns the Buckle Card credit card accounts. If you apply online for a Buckle credit card, you will be providing your personal information directly to Comenity Bank and the information you provide to Comenity Bank would be subject to Comenity Bank's privacy policies. To view Comenity Bank's privacy policy, click on the following link: Buckle Card - Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy for Minors 
We value our relationship with our Guests of all ages. We welcome parents and their children to explore our site together. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not gather or use personal information from any Guest who indicates they are less than 13 years of age (or less than 18 years of age for residents of the state of Maine). A parent or guardian must assist any pre-teen Guest in any sweepstakes or ordering activity online with Buckle.com. If we become aware that we've gathered personal information from a minor, we will remove that information from our records immediately.
Privacy Policy for California Minors 
Minors under 18 that are residents of California and have an account on Buckle.com may ask Buckle to remove content or information that such minor posted on Buckle.com by contacting our Guest Services Team at 800-607-9788 or  guest.services@buckle.com .  We will need the minor's first and last name, email address and social media identifiers.  Please note that such request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of such minor's content or information posted on Buckle.com.
Use of Cookies 
Buckle.com uses a browser feature known as a cookie, which is placed on your computer. Cookies are small amounts of data that are transferred to your computer by our server. The cookies are stored on your computer's hard drive and are used by Buckle.com to help track your clicks and pass information as you go through the pages within the Buckle web site and provide a more personalized experience. Buckle.com also uses cookies to help keep track of how many items you put into your shopping bag and to tell us whether you have previously visited Buckle.com. Cookies allow Buckle.com to make our site more responsive to your needs, by delivering a better and more personalized experience to you. Most browsers automatically accept cookies. We do not recommend you disable your cookies.
We also use a technology known as clear gifs, which are typically stored in emails, to help us confirm your receipt of, and response to, our emails and to provide you with a more personalized experience. If you register or purchase product through Buckle.com, we may associate navigational information from your previous browsing visits with the personal information you provide.
In addition, we carefully select third party advertising companies and allow them to collect non-personally identifiable information by placing cookies when you choose to visit Buckle.com. This information is used to report marketing program effectiveness directly back to Buckle. This information is used in aggregate form and is not in any way personally identifiable. We have carefully selected Coremetrics and Google Analytics, both of which assist us in better understanding your use of our site. These third party companies analyze the information they collect on our behalf and return it back to Buckle.com through a secure web connection. The information and analysis will be used to assist us in better understanding your interests in our web site and how to better serve those interests and provide you with more personalized product offerings. Each company is contractually prohibited from using our data for any other purposes or matching it against any other information in its possession.
Coremetrics will place cookies on your computer to collect information on our behalf that will educate us on such things as search engine referral, how you navigate around our site, responses to email, unique visitor identification, and product browsing and purchasing information. Buckle.com does not allow Coremetrics to collect credit card, username or password information. Coremetrics is required to maintain all information collected and its analysis in confidence. For more information, including how to opt-out, consult Coremetrics' privacy policy by clicking the following link: Coremetrics - Privacy Policy.
For more information about Google Analytics, the data it collects and how that service processes your information, please visit "How Google Uses Data When You Use Our Partners' Sites or Apps" at  Google - Privacy Policy. For more information, including how to opt-out, consult Google's privacy policy by clicking the following link: Goggle Privacy.
Updating Personal Information
We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to&#