








State Farm Privacy Policy – State Farm®


























Aviso


 
		El siguiente contenido aún no está disponible en español.  Nuestras disculpas por cualquier inconveniencia que esto pueda causar.  Este contenido estará disponible en español en un futuro cercano.
	



Localiza a un agente











Skip to Main Content




Español








Please enter search text


















Menu


Insurance


Auto
Motorcycles
Sport & Leisure Vehicles
Home & Property
Identity Protection
Life
Health
Long-Term Care
Disability
Liability
Small Business Insurance





Finances


Banking
Loans
Education Savings Plans
Retirement & IRAs
Mutual Funds
Estate Planning
Annuities
Life Insurance
Financial Tools & Resources
Small Business Finances





Claims


File a Claim
Check Claims Status
Find a Repair Facility
Report Insurance Fraud
Why Choose State Farm
Real Claims Stories
Resources
Small Business Claims





Customer Care


Help Center
Welcome
Find An Agent
Contact Us
Manage Your Accounts
Planning a Move
Change Your Address
Download Mobile Apps
Learning Resource Center
Privacy & Security
FAQs
Disclosures









Login 






User ID



Password





Save User ID





Register | Forgot your ID or password?


















WelcomeContact UsManage Your AccountsOnline PaymentsLife EventsPlanning a MoveChange Your AddressDownload Mobile AppsLearning Resource CenterPrivacy & SecurityPrivacyAbout Our AdsPrivacy Policy to ConsumerPersonal Health InfoState Privacy RightsSolicitation and Direct Marketinge-Privacy Policy Notice FAQsSecurityAlertsFAQsDisclosures





PRIVACY & SECURITY
Notice of Privacy Policy
State Farm® Family of Companies**
We value your privacy. This policy describes how we handle personally identifiable information and is provided the first time we do business with you and every year you are a State Farm customer.





Get Your  Privacy Policy Online



A Good Neighbor is a Green Neighbor™












Our Privacy Principles


We do not sell customer information.
We do not allow those who are doing business on our behalf to use our customer information for their own marketing purposes.
We contractually require any person or organization providing products or services on our behalf to protect State Farm customer information.
We do not share customer medical information with anyone within the State Farm family of companies unless:

You expressly authorize it; or


It is permitted or required by law; or


Your insurance policy contract with us permits us to do so.


We afford our prospective and former customers the same protections as existing customers with respect to the use of personally identifiable information.






We Protect Customer Information

We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect nonpublic personal information and to comply with federal and state laws. In addition, we regularly review our policies and practices, monitor our computer networks, and test the strength of our security.





Information We Collect

Types of information we collect and how we gather it may include:

From your applications and other forms related to our products and through your conversations with State Farm representatives, including our agents
From your use of statefarm.com®, our mobile sites and applications, our social media sites and applications, and your interactions with our online advertisements
From your transactions or experiences with us, such as payments, underwriting, and claims
From within the State Farm family of companies
From non-State Farm parties, including consumer reporting agencies that provide us with information such as driving records, claim histories, and credit information






How We Use Information About You

We use customer information, sometimes including consumer report information, to do things such as:

Underwrite and rate your policies and accounts
Process your claims
Protect against fraud and unauthorized transactions
Provide proper billing
Service your policies and accounts
Enhance your customer experience
Offer you other insurance and financial services products that may suit your needs






How We Share Information

We share information about you, including information about our transactions with you (such as payments) and experiences with you (such as an auto claim), within our State Farm family of companies and with State Farm agents to help meet your current product and service needs. We share information about you with persons or organizations inside or outside our family of companies for our everyday business purposes, for public policy purposes, and as permitted or required by law. We may share information in connection with a proposed or actual sale, merger, transfer, or exchange of all or a portion of our business or operating unit. We share information about you with companies that perform marketing or other services for us or with whom we have joint marketing agreements. These agreements allow us to provide a broader selection of insurance and financial products to you.
We share information with consumer reporting agencies, for example, during the underwriting process. We share information with other entities, as needed, to handle your claim. For example, we might share name, address, and coverage information with an auto body shop to speed up repairs on auto damage claims. We also share information, as needed, with other entities to protect against fraud and unauthorized transactions.





To Limit the Sharing of Information Within the State Farm Family of Companies

We share information within our State Farm family of companies so, for example, we do not have to ask you for the same information again. If you prefer to limit sharing information such as your driving record, claim history with other companies, and credit information, call your State Farm agent or 800-865-6035.

If you are an existing customer and have already told us your information sharing preferences, no action is needed unless you want to change your preference.
Your choice will apply to joint policyholders or account holders on shared policies and accounts.
Your choice does not limit State Farm from sharing certain information about your transactions with us or your experiences with us for our everyday business purposes or for public policy purposes.
In addition, your choice does not limit State Farm from sharing information in the event of a transfer, between State Farm companies, of all or a portion of a line of business.

Residents of Vermont: State Farm will not share personally identifiable information across our State Farm family of companies unless authorized by you. This does not limit State Farm from sharing certain information about your transactions with us (such as your payment history) or your experience with us (such as your claim history) as permitted by law.





**The State Farm Family of Companies

State Farm has a family of companies that provides insurance and financial services, as well as companies that provide various types of support to those insurance and financial services providers. The State Farm family of companies includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the companies listed below.
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company
State Farm County Mutual Insurance Company of Texas
State Farm Fire and Casualty Company
State Farm Florida Insurance Company
State Farm General Insurance Company
State Farm Indemnity Company
State Farm Guaranty Insurance Company
State Farm Life and Accident Assurance Company
State Farm Life Insurance Company
State Farm Health Insurance Company
State Farm Lloyds
EMVLP, LLC
Insurance Placement Services, Inc.
State Farm Bank, FSB
Plaza One Realty Co.
State Farm International Holding Company
State Farm International Services, Inc.
State Farm Investment Management Corp.
State Farm VP Management Corp.
State Farm Associates' Funds Trust
State Farm Mutual Fund Trust
State Farm Variable Product Trust





Information for Internet, Mobile, and Social Media Users

In addition to the information collection and sharing practices described above, State Farm website properties and mobile applications may use common tracking technologies like browser cookies, "Local Shared Objects" (such as "Flash" cookies), analytical tools, device IDs, or other technologies. We also collect certain technical information about the device you use to access our site or services, such as user-agent, time stamp, hardware type, language and time zone settings, IP address, OS type and version, and installed fonts. Our mobile and social media applications will contain a statement describing what information is collected from your use of that particular application. Currently, we do not support the necessary technology to respond to Web browser "do not track" signals or other, comparable mechanisms. Learn more about our ads and tracking activities.
If you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites.





Other Important Information

To contact us with concerns or questions about this Notice, please write to:
State Farm
Attention: Enterprise Compliance & Ethics - Office of Privacy, C-2
PO Box 2322
Bloomington, IL 61704-2322
If a material change is made to this Notice, a revised version of the Notice of Privacy Policy will be made available to you.
Residents of California: State Farm may collect personally identifiable information from sources other than the individual applying for insurance coverage with State Farm. Such personally identifiable information may, in certain cases, be disclosed to third parties without your authorization as permitted by law. If you would like additional information about the collection and disclosure of personally identifiable information, please contact your State Farm agent. You may also act upon your right to see and correct any personally identifiable information in your State Farm files by writing your State Farm agent to request this access.
Si desea recibir una copia de esta notificación en español: Por favor póngase en contacto con su agente de State Farm o visite es.statefarm.com.





©Copyright, State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, 2015

Home Offices: Bloomington, IL 61710-0001
Last Updated 7/15














          Print
        

          Email
        




            Facebook
          





            Twitter
          

            Tweet
          



            Google +
          























Contact Us
About Us
Careers
Retirees
Small Business Solutions




Other State Farm Sites:
State Farm Canada
Business to Business




Site Map
Privacy Policy
About Our Ads
Terms of Use
Security


© Copyright, State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, 2015.



Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
YouTube
LinkedIn
Flickr










SSL













