








State Farm Terms of Use – State Farm®


























Aviso


 
		El siguiente contenido aún no está disponible en español.  Nuestras disculpas por cualquier inconveniencia que esto pueda causar.  Este contenido estará disponible en español en un futuro cercano.
	



Localiza a un agente











Skip to Main Content




Español








Please enter search text


















Menu


Insurance


Auto
Motorcycles
Sport & Leisure Vehicles
Home & Property
Identity Protection
Life
Health
Long-Term Care
Disability
Liability
Small Business Insurance





Finances


Banking
Loans
Education Savings Plans
Retirement & IRAs
Mutual Funds
Estate Planning
Annuities
Life Insurance
Financial Tools & Resources
Small Business Finances





Claims


File a Claim
Check Claims Status
Find a Repair Facility
Report Insurance Fraud
Why Choose State Farm
Real Claims Stories
Resources
Small Business Claims





Customer Care


Help Center
Welcome
Find An Agent
Contact Us
Manage Your Accounts
Planning a Move
Change Your Address
Download Mobile Apps
Learning Resource Center
Privacy & Security
FAQs
Disclosures









Login 






User ID



Password





Save User ID





Register | Forgot your ID or password?


















WelcomeContact UsManage Your AccountsOnline PaymentsLife EventsPlanning a MoveChange Your AddressDownload Mobile AppsLearning Resource CenterPrivacy & SecurityFAQsDisclosuresTerms of UseLife Policy SeriesAlabama Policyholder Bill of Rights





DISCLOSURES
State Farm® Terms of Use for statefarm.com®
These statefarm.com Terms of Use outline the terms and conditions relating to your use of statefarm.com and provide additional information about State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, its affiliates and subsidiaries (State Farm). These Terms of Use are applicable to your use of this site regardless of how you accessed it. If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms of Use, please discontinue using and accessing this site immediately.
For Canadian Terms of use visit Terms of use for statefarm.ca.




Privacy Policy
To receive information about State Farm's Privacy Policy, please visit our Notice of Privacy Policy.
Your Use of This Site
You may not use this site to engage in any illegal activity. You may not use this site to engage in conduct which is defamatory, libelous, threatening or harassing or that infringes on a third party's intellectual property or other proprietary rights. In the event you engage in activity that is illegal, defamatory, libelous, threatening, or harassing, State Farm reserves the right to disclose any information you provide through the use of this site or other State Farm owned electronic sites or applications to law enforcement authorities as deemed appropriate in the sole discretion of State Farm. You agree that any information you provide through this site will be truthful and accurate. State Farm reserves the right to require a customer change their User ID or answers to security questions if they are deemed inappropriate at State Farm's sole discretion and judgment.
Emails to State Farm Addresses
The State Farm email system is a private email system intended only for purposes authorized by State Farm. You are not authorized to send numerous unsolicited commercial email messages to any email addresses @statefarm.com. State Farm reserves the right to take actions as may be necessary to prevent misuse of its email system by unauthorized parties.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Any information, services, materials, software, calculators or other items on this site are provided "as is" without any warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. State Farm does not warrant that this site will be uninterrupted or error fee. Any risk arising out of use or performance of the information, services, materials, software, calculators or other items remains entirely with you. Under no circumstances will State Farm be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of the use or performance of the information, services, materials, software, calculators or other items.
Secured Areas/Passwords
Some portions of this site are restricted and require authorization for access. Unauthorized use of or access to these areas is prohibited. Actual or attempted unauthorized use of or access to such areas may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution. Attempts to access such areas without authorization may be viewed, monitored and recorded and any information obtained may be given to law enforcement organizations in connection with any investigation or prosecution of possible criminal activity on this system. If you are not an authorized user of such areas or do not consent to continued monitoring, you should not attempt to access such areas.
If you are an authorized user of any restricted area, you are responsible to maintain the security/confidentiality of your password. DO NOT SHARE YOUR PASSWORD WITH ANYONE. State Farm will not ask you for your password. If you know or suspect that your password has been compromised, change your password immediately. If you suspect any unauthorized activity related to your account, you should contact State Farm. State Farm will not be responsible if you do not properly secure your password or if you choose to share your password with anyone else. In order to protect your personal information State Farm encourages you to change your password every six months.
State Farm Intellectual Property Rights
The State Farm three oval logo, the terms "State Farm", "State Farm Insurance®," "State Farm Insurance Companies®," "State Farm Bank®", and the phrases "Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there®", "Invest with a Good Neighbor®," "Bank with a Good Neighbor®," "State Farm is there for life®," "24 Hour Good Neighbor Service®", "statefarm.com," "Select Service®", as well as all logos and graphics using the State Farm name are the intellectual property of and/or federally registered trademarks/servicemarks owned by the State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company and its affiliated organizations. State Farm may possess intellectual property rights in other logos, words, or phrases not listed here. Intellectual property rights of third parties may apply where noted. Except where otherwise indicated, all materials on this site including but not limited to graphics, text, software, audio, video, and files, are the property of State Farm and are protected by copyright or other intellectual property laws.
State Farm reserves all rights to its intellectual property. You may print out a single copy of pages on this site for your personal, non-commercial use provided that all copyright, trademark or other notices are retained. ALL OTHER USES ARE PROHIBITED.
You are not authorized to use any portion of this site or any other State Farm intellectual property on any other site, in the meta-tags of any other site or in any other materials. You may not modify, publish, create derivative works, copy, distribute, or otherwise use any of this site's content or frame this site within any other site.
Links to/From Other Sites
For your convenience, State Farm may provide links to other Internet sites that State Farm does not maintain. You should not interpret any link to/from other sites as indicating that State Farm sponsors or endorses the sites or their materials or that the sites are affiliated with State Farm in any manner. State Farm is not responsible for anything contained on such sites and makes no warranties or representations about the contents, products or services offered on such sites. State Farm is not responsible for and makes no warranties or representations about the content, products or services offered on any sites that you may elect to use in connection with this site.
Availability of Products and Services
State Farm does business in certain states in the United States of America and certain provinces in Canada. Home offices are located in Bloomington, Illinois unless otherwise indicated.
Not all of the products or services described on this site are available in all states or provinces. You may not be eligible for all products and services and State Farm reserves the right to determine such eligibility as permitted by law. Where noted, certain products or services may be subject to specific terms, conditions, representations or agreements. The portions of this site related to such products and services provide additional information about terms, conditions representations, agreements, eligibility and availability.
State Farm Bank, Bloomington, Illinois, is a member FDIC and Equal Housing Lender. The other products offered by affiliate companies of State Farm Bank are not FDIC insured, not a State Farm Bank obligation or guaranteed by State Farm Bank, and subject to investment risk, including possible loss of principal.

State Farm's securities products are offered by State Farm VP Management Corp., One State Farm Plaza, Bloomington, Illinois 61710-0001, 800-447-4930 (mutual funds) or 888-702-2307 (variable products). State Farm Mutual Funds are not insurance products. State Farm's variable products are issued by State Farm Life Insurance Company (Not licensed in MA, NY or WI) Bloomington, IL, State Farm Life and Accident Assurance Company (Licensed in New York and Wisconsin). These products are not FDIC Insured, are not Bank Products and may lose value. For more complete information, potential investors should obtain a prospectus for the mutual funds or variable products, by calling the respective number below, and read it carefully before investing.

800-447-4930 (retail funds), 800-447-0740 (associate funds) or 888-702-2307 (variable products).
Investment return and principal value will fluctuate and your shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.
Other Agreements
These "Terms of Use" apply to your use of this site and do not change or alter any other contract or agreement between you and State Farm.
Insurance Quotes/Coverages
At this time, on-line quotes may not be available for all states or provinces, products, services or coverage selections. For additional information about products, services or coverage selections otherwise offered by State Farm, please contact a State Farm agent.
All quotes generated by this site are estimates based upon the information you provided and are not a contract, binder, or agreement to extend insurance coverage. Any coverage descriptions provided on this site are general descriptions of available coverages and are not a statement of contract. To obtain coverage you must submit an application to State Farm. All applications are subject to underwriting approval. Coverages and availability may vary by state or province; and additional minimum coverage limits may be available in your state. For additional information, please contact a State Farm agent.
Online Claims Submissions
If you are a State Farm customer, you may elect to report an insurance claim online where available. Your submission does not commit State Farm to coverage for this loss. Information you submit regarding your insurance policy and the loss is subject to review and verification. State Farm reserves the right to request additional information prior to reaching a decision on the claim. A claim representative will be communicating with you regarding your claim. All policy provisions contained in your policy remain in effect. If you have any questions concerning the coverage afforded by your policy, please contact your State Farm agent.
SMS Texting Terms and Conditions
State Farm offers both one time text message programs as well as subscription text services. For more information, please visit SMS Texting Terms and Conditions.
Changes to This Document
The content of this site and of these "Terms of Use" are subject to change without prior notice.
Applicable Law/Severability
These "Terms of Use" shall be governed by and interpreted according to the laws of the State of Illinois without respect to any conflict of laws provisions. If any portion of these "Terms of Use" is unlawful, void or unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision.
Additional Information About State Farm

Insurance Licensing information - General

State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company is organized under the laws of the State of Illinois and licensed in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and the provinces of Alberta, New Brunswick, and Ontario. The company is principally engaged in writing automobile insurance. In the U.S. the company also writes long term care, disability income, Medicare Supplement and supplemental health insurance, and commercial auto insurance. NAIC number: 25178
State Farm Fire and Casualty Company, a wholly owned subsidiary or State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, is organized under the laws of the State of Illinois and licensed in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and the provinces of Alberta, New Brunswick, and Ontario. The company is principally engaged in writing personal lines and writing property and casualty lines of insurance consisting mainly of homeowners and commercial multiple peril. In the U.S. the company also writes boat owners, personal liability umbrella, farm-ranch, commercial auto, commercial umbrella, professional and specialty, workers compensation, inland marine & mobile property, surety and fidelity bonds. NAIC number: 25143
State Farm General Insurance Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, is organized under the laws of the State of Illinois and is licensed in all states except Rhode Island, Connecticut, and Massachusetts and primarily writes in California. Its principal focus is on personal lines and writing property and casualty lines of insurance consisting mainly of homeowners and commercial multiple peril. The company also writes boat owners, personal liability umbrella, farm-ranch, commercial umbrella, commercial auto, professional and specialty, workers compensation, inland marine & mobile property, surety and fidelity bonds. NAIC number: 25151
State Farm Indemnity Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, is organized under the laws of the State of Illinois. Although licensed in both Illinois and New Jersey, it is solely engaged in the writing of automobile insurance in New Jersey. NAIC number: 43796
State Farm Guaranty Insurance Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of State Farm Indemnity Company, is organized under the laws of the State of Illinois. Although licensed in both Illinois and New Jersey, it is solely engaged in the writing of automobile insurance in New Jersey. NAIC number: 12251
State Farm Florida Insurance Company*, a wholly owned subsidiary of State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, is organized under the laws of the State of Florida and licensed in Florida and Illinois. The company writes property insurance in the State of Florida. NAIC number: 10739
State Farm Life Insurance Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, is organized under the laws of the State of Illinois and is licensed in the District of Columbia, all states except Massachusetts, New York, and Wisconsin. The company primarily writes individual life and annuity products. NAIC number: 69108
State Farm Life and Accident Assurance Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, is organized under the laws of the State of Illinois and licensed in Connecticut, Illinois, New York, and Wisconsin. The company primarily writes individual life and annuity products. NAIC number: 69094
State Farm Annuity and Life Insurance Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of State Farm Life Insurance Company, is organized under the laws of the State of Illinois and licensed in all states except Connecticut, Florida, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Texas, and Wisconsin. NAIC number: 94498

Insurance Licensing Information - Texas

State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company is organized under the laws of the State of Illinois and licensed in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and the provinces of Alberta, New Brunswick, and Ontario. The company is principally engaged in writing automobile insurance. In the U.S. the company also writes long term care, disability income, Medicare Supplement and supplemental health insurance. NAIC number: 25178
State Farm Fire and Casualty Company, a wholly owned subsidiary or State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, is organized under the laws of the State of Illinois and licensed in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and the provinces of Alberta, New Brunswick, and Ontario. The company is principally engaged in writing personal lines and writing property and casualty lines of insurance consisting mainly of homeowners and commercial multiple peril, including boat owners, personal liability umbrella policies, marine, commercial inland marine and mobile property, commercial auto, farm-ranch, commercial umbrella, surety and fidelity bonds and workers compensation. NAIC number: 25143
State Farm Life Insurance Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, is organized under the laws of the State of Illinois and is licensed in the District of Columbia, all states except Massachusetts, New York, and Wisconsin. The company primarily writes individual life and annuity products. NAIC number: 69108
State Farm Lloyds** is an association of underwriters operating under a Lloyds Plan as provided under Chapter 941 of the Texas Insurance Code and is under common management with State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company. State Farm Lloyds is principally engaged in writing homeowners and multiple peril insurance, including homeowners, renters, boat owners, personal liability umbrella, commercial multi-peril, farm-ranch, commercial umbrella, commercial auto, professional and specialty, inland marine & mobile property in Texas. NAIC number: 43419
State Farm Lloyds, Inc.**, is a Texas corporation and is wholly owned by State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company. It is the Attorney-in-Fact for State Farm Lloyds.
State Farm County Mutual Insurance Company of Texas** is a county mutual company organized under the laws of the State of Texas and is under common management with State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company. The company is principally engaged in writing automobile, Commercial Auto and personal inland marine personal articles insurance including in Texas. NAIC number: 26816
Language Notice
State Farm insurance policies, agreements, applications, forms and required notices are written in English. This document has been translated for your convenience. In the event of any difference in interpretation, the English language version controls.
Other Companies
State Farm VP Management Corp., One State Farm Plaza, Bloomington, IL 61710-0001, 800-447-4930.

State Farm Bank, F.S.B., Bloomington, IL
All companies are domiciled in Bloomington Illinois except where noted:
* State of Florida

** State of Texas
Contact Information
Please Contact Us for additional information














          Print
        

          Email
        




            Facebook
          





            Twitter
          

            Tweet
          



            Google +
          























Contact Us
About Us
Careers
Retirees
Small Business Solutions




Other State Farm Sites:
State Farm Canada
Business to Business




Site Map
Privacy Policy
About Our Ads
Terms of Use
Security


© Copyright, State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, 2015.



Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
YouTube
LinkedIn
Flickr










SSL













