


CheapOair.com Privacy Policy






























Flights
Hotels Hotels
Cars Cars
Cruises Cruises
Vacations Vacations
More More


1-212-478-0335
Live Help

 English



America

United States - English
United States - Español
Canada - English
Canada - Francais
Venezuela - Español
Uruguay - Español
Suriname - Español
Perú - Español
Guyana - Español
Ecuador - Español
Colombia - Español
Chile - Español
Brazil - Español
Bolivia - Español
Argentina - Español
México - Español 
República Dominicana - Español



Asia / Pacific

Australia - English
India - English
New Zealand - English
China - English
Hong Kong - English
Singapore - English
Malaysia - English
Philippines - English



Europe

United Kingdom - English
Ireland - English
Turkey - English
España - Español



Africa / Middle East

South Africa - English
United Arab Emirates - English




Free Apps

Customer Support
My Bookings

My Account
Sign In Sign Out

Book Online or Call Us 24/7










Top Deals

Gift Card
Top 25 Deals
Domestic Flights
International Flights
Group Travel
One Way Flights
Round Trip Flights



Travel by Interest

Last Minute Travel
Military Travel
Senior Travel
Student Travel
Red Eye Flights



Travel by Region

USA Flights
Mexico Flights
Caribbean Flights
Europe Flights
Round The World Flights



Travel by Price

Flights Under $199
4 Star Hotels Under $99
Business Class Flights
First Class Flights
Premium Economy Flights
Cheap Airline Tickets











   Privacy 
            Policy (Effective Date: 08/05/2015)



Introduction 


 





CheapOair is Strongly Committed to Protecting Your Privacy


CheapOair (collectively, "We", "Us", or "Our") has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with Truste's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding our collection and use of personally identifiable information, as defined below, and other information about you. This Privacy Policy and the TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website, www.CheapOair.com, and the CheapOair mobile applications (collectively, the "Sites"). TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. 

Please read this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to learn about our information collection and dissemination practices in connection with the sites. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personally identifiable information and how you can access and update it. By reviewing our Privacy Policy, agreeing to our Terms & Conditions and/or by visiting any portion of the Site you agree to the practices described herein. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Sites. 

If you have questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, you should first contact customer service at feedback@CheapOair.com. If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry within 10 business days or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact TRUSTe at //watchdog.truste.com/. TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns.
Information CheapOair Collects from You 
We receive, use and store information you provide to us while visiting Sites, including any information that can be used to personally identify you ("personally identifiable information" or "PII"). Such information may include your first and last name, your physical address, e-mail address, date of birth, geo-location, telephone number, and your billing information (including cardholder name, credit card number and expiration date).

If you purchase a product or service from us or register for a sweepstakes, contest or any other promotional offer on the Sites, we may request certain additional personally identifiable information from you. Certain personally identifiable information about you is required in order for you to register as a member, book travel itineraries, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, ask us a question, or for other purposes in connection with your use of the Sites. 

In order to customize your user experience, prevent fraud and for compliance purposes, when you use the Sites, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier (or "UDID"). When you visit the Sites, we automatically collect your IP address, and web browser fingerprint. We may also collect information about your visit, such as itineraries viewed or searched and booking made.

You may also provide PII or non-personally identifiable information about other people, such as their name, date of birth and gender. Except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, the PII you provide about others is only used for the sole purpose of completing your request or for whatever reason it may have been provided. You must obtain the consent of such other person prior to providing us with any of their personally identifiable information. 

We collect your location-based information for the purpose of customizing your experience and locating a place that you may be searching for in your area. We will only share this information with our mapping provider for the sole purpose of providing you the service.

We may share your geo-location data with third parties for the purpose of them serving you ads for places (such as restaurants) in your area. If you do not wish to allow us to share your information in this manner please opt-out by contacting us at feedback@cheapoair.com.

You may opt-out of location based services at any time by editing the setting at the device level or by emailing us at feedback@cheapoair.com.
How CheapOair Uses Your PII 
CheapOair uses and stores sensitive personally identifiable information such as financial information (credit card number, cardholder's name, and expiration date), postal and billing address, provided to us through our website, mobile application or in any other way for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We use your other personally identifiable information for the following general purposes: (i) to provide you with travel services or other products that you purchase from us, or to fulfil the purpose for which you provide it (ii) to send your itinerary confirmation, vouchers, or service related notifications, (iii) to communicate with you as our customer, (iv) to provide you with special offers regarding products or services that may be of interest to you from our agents, service providers or marketing partners, (v) to solicit information from you, (vi) to resolve any disputes, collect any due fees, (vii) to enforce our Terms and Conditions, (viii) to prevent or recover any potential or actual losses resulting from or related to any suspect criminal activity including but not limited to fraud or identity theft, (ix) to improve our website and services, (x) for any purpose disclosed by us to you at the time your personally identifiable information is collected, and (xi) as further disclosed in this Privacy Policy.

Other than described in this Privacy Policy, CheapOair does not sell, trade, or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties without your prior consent.
 
E-mail Communications and Newsletters 
 
          From time to time, we may notify you via email newsletter of any changes or additions to the Sites, and new offers and products from third parties that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out from our email newsletter by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email newsletter you receive from us.

We will send you push notifications if you opt-in to receive them to announce special deals and to send you your itinerary. You may opt-out of receiving these at any time by going to the phone settings and turning them off. 

Other sites accessible through links on the Sites have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. Please consult each site's Privacy Policy before providing your personally identifiable information. CheapOair is not responsible for the actions of websites whose links are accessible through our Sites or any actions of third parties that are not under CheapOair's exclusive control.
With Whom CheapOair May Share Your PII 
Other than in the cases set forth in this Privacy Policy, you will be notified when personally identifiable information about you will be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to have us share such information: 

We may share your personally identifiable information with our parent company, corporate affiliates and subsidiaries, including but not limited to CheapOair.com. Our parent company, all of our affiliates and subsidiaries share our commitment to protect your personally identifiable information and comply with a policy at least as restrictive as our Privacy Policy.
Your personally identifiable information may be shared with our suppliers such as airlines, hotels, car rental partners, insurance suppliers, and/or activity, service providers or intermediaries (collectively, "Suppliers") who are directly or indirectly involved in providing you with services or other products you purchased from our Sites. By making a reservation on our Sites or through our mobile application, you authorize us to disclose to such Suppliers the information they require to verify your identity, complete the booking and deliver the services or products you purchased. In certain cases, Suppliers may use your personally identifiable information to prevent fraud and improve their service or product. These Suppliers are not controlled by CheapOair and any personally identifiable information disclosed to them is subject to their own privacy policies. As such, please review the privacy policy of each Supplier whose products you purchase through our Sites or mobile application.
We may also share your personally identifiable information with our business partners whose products or services may be offered on the Sites or who referred you to our Sites from another site. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of each website that referred you to our Sites or to which you are referred to from here.
Third party vendors who provide corporate services or functions on our behalf, including credit card processing, credit card verification, financial analysis, a mapping service provider to provide a map of the location you are looking for or the location you are currently in, customer service, call center services, marketing services, contest organization and administration, and fraud prevention may have access to your personally identifiable information. Such third party vendors have access to and may collect your personally identifiable information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share, sell, trade or use your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. They are also required to follow restrictive data security practices. 
We may access, preserve and share your personally identifiable information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. We may also access, preserve and share your personally identifiable information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. If the ownership or control of all or part of the Sites or our assets changes, we may transfer your personally identifiable information to the new owner.




 Return to Top



Cookies and Tracking Technologies 


Cookies are data files which can be stored on your computer's hard drive, if your web browser allows it. Our Sites and mobile application use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, tags and scripts for the following purposes:

To help us to recognize you as a previous visitor on the Sites. For example, if you have an account with CheapOair.com, we use cookies to store your login information, so you will not need to enter your credentials each time your browser visits us to login to your account.
To enable us to customize your user experience with us, as well as the help customize ad content provided to you on other sites across the Internet. As an example, when you access a page on our Sites, a cookie is automatically set by us, our marketing partners or service providers to recognize your browser when you visit other websites and to present you with information and advertising content based on your apparent interests.
To help research, test and measure our Site's features and offerings, advertisements and related email campaigns.

While most browsers include the option of preventing the browser from accepting new cookies, please note that if you refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to access certain tools and functionalities offered by our Sites. 

In addition to cookies, CheapOair may use Web Beacons and Local Shared Objects to monitor traffic patterns, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand if you were referred to us from an online advertisement, to help measure the effectiveness of our offerings and advertisements, to help us understand which emails from us have been opened and to track the visitor traffic and actions on our site and mobile application.

As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information about you automatically and store it in our log files. This information may include, but is not limited to, internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and /or clickstream data. 

We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We collect and use this information to improve services we offer you, to improve our marketing, analytics, or site functionality.

We may use Local Storage (LS) such as HTML5. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Sites or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 to collect and store information.

If you reject cookies, you may still use the Sites, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Sites may be limited.

We partner with third parties to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on our Sites and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served generic ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.


 Return to Top



Mobile Analytics 


We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile app.


 Return to Top



Security 


The security of your personally identifiable information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number, date of birth, and/or geo-location data) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). To learn more about SSL, follow this link.

All of our secure servers use a high-grade encryption key (AES with 128 and 256 bit secret key). While the secure mode provides SSL encryption, pages will take longer to download. Most users choose to sign up or sign in using standard mode to achieve quicker response time.

If you receive browser warnings when going from secure mode pages to non-SSL pages, it is most likely a warning that you are switching servers. As long as your data is entered on a secure mode page, it will only be transmitted to a secure server.

We follow accepted industry standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personally identifiable information when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser.

If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send email us.


 Return to Top



Visiting Our Website from Outside the United States 


If you are visiting our Sites from outside the United States, please be aware that your personally identifiable information and other information about you may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our Sites, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy.


 Return to Top



Access To Your PII 


If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer wish to use our services, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by emailing our Customer Support at feedback@CheapOair.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.

We will retain your information (including geo-location data) for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your personally identifiable information to provide you services contact us at feedback@CheapOair.com. We will retain and use your personally identifiable information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.


 Return to Top



Public Forums  


Our Sites offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personally identifiable information from our blog or community forum, contact us at. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personally identifiable information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.


 Return to Top



Children's Privacy Protection 



CheapOair understands the importance of protecting children's privacy in the interactive online world. The Sites are not designed for, or intentionally targeted at, those under the age of 18. It is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information from anyone under the age of 13.


 Return to Top



Opt-Out 



We provide you the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes when we ask for this information. For example, if you purchase a travel product, but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference in our order form. However, we will still use your personally identifiable information to provide you with the services and products you purchased through our Site, including but not limited to sending you reservation and confirmation communications or vouchers.

If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication, or by contacting us at the address below.

You will be notified when your personally identifiable information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your personally identifiable information with that party.


 Return to Top



Frame 


Some of our Sites utilize framing techniques to serve content from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our site. Please be aware that you are providing your personally identifiable information to these third parties and not to www.CheapOair.com. Such partners include www.CheapOairindia.com and www.travelspot.us. 


 Return to Top



Survey 


We may use a third party service provider to conduct surveys, sweepstakes and contests. Such company will be prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any purpose, other than conducting such survey, sweepstakes or contest. Except as allowed under this Privacy Policy, we will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.


 Return to Top



Social Media Widgets 


Our Sites includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.


 Return to Top



Single Sign-On 


You can log in to our Sites using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personally identifiable information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Site to your profile page to share with others within your network.

Customer Service,
                  CheapOair.com,
                  135 W 50th Street
                  Suite 500
                  New York, NY 10020
Feedback@CheapOair.com


 Return to Top



Amendments 


We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. All amended terms automatically take effect as of the date this Privacy Policy is updated and published on the Sites. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a prominent notice on the Sites prior to the change becoming effective.

All the terms used herein are to be interpreted as defined under our Terms and Conditions.





 


 





ADVERTISEMENT


 











 
Be the first to get our latest flight deals and discounts!
          PLUS, save $20** instantly

 You're All Set!  

          Thanks for signing up to receive our newsletter! Be sure to check your email for a promo code to save $20** off your next flight. 








  
** Terms and Conditions  















 





ADVERTISEMENT



 






Easy Access




Quick Links


Site Directories


Stay Connected




BOOK
Flights
Hotels
Cars
Vacations
Cruises
Group Travel


TRAVELER TOOLS
Gift Card
Check My Booking
Customer Support
Online Check-in
Airline Baggage Fees
Travel Guides
Client Testimonials
FAQs
Special Assistance


ABOUT CHEAPOAIR
About Us
Press Room
Careers
Social Responsibility
Affiliate Program
CheapOair Affiliate Network
Advertising
Newsletter


LEGAL
Privacy Policy
Best Price Guarantee
Terms & Conditions
Taxes & Fees




DIRECTORIES

Flights
Hotels
Cars
Vacations
Airports
Airlines
Sitemap




CheapOair on Facebook
CheapOair on Twitter
CheapOair on Google+
CheapOair on YouTube
CheapOair on Pinterest


CheapOair on LinkedIn
CheapOair on CrunchBase
CheapOair Blog
CheapOair iPhone App
CheapOair Android App


CheapOair on Wikipedia
CheapOair on StumbleUpon
CheapOair on Tumblr
CheapOair on Instagram




Need Help?
1-800-566-2345

Chat Now


Customer review:
Excellent
Based on 1200 reviews  
This rating is as of 02/04/2015. 
 Close[X] 




                    International ServiceExcellence Awards  
CheapOair won the 2014 International Service Excellence Award from the Customer Service Institute of America and International Council of Customer Service Organizations.
 Close[X] 









◊ Enter Promo at time of check out. Promo code provides $15 or the amount of the promo code, discount for stated routes against our service fees. Use of Promo code is in addition to any applicable instant savings offers. Actual amount of discount varies based on the service fees charged. Service fee discount will be up to the amount of the service fees charged less any applicable instant savings for that transaction or the value of the promo code, whichever is less. Promo code expires on date stated and can be withdrawn without notice. 



            
            © 2006-2015 Fareportal, Inc. All rights reserved. California: CST #2073455, Florida: ST37449, Iowa: SOT #967, Nevada: SOT #2007-1137, Washington: WASOT #602755832 (Affiliate DBA of Travelong, Inc.)






















Info


