














YAHOO PRIVACY CENTRE







        Sign in              More from Yahoo        Yahoo      Mail      News      Sport      Finance      Weather      Games      Groups      Answers      Screen      Food      Tech      Flickr        Tools       Help      View Desktop Version         Careers      About      My Saves      Settings      Sign out            Terms      Privacy       Sign out   Terms and Privacy      

        Yahoo     Search                Mail    




Terms



Privacy Centre




Topics



Products






Copyright/IP










YAHOO PRIVACY CENTRE











Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Centre -- take a look around. You'll learn how Yahoo treats your personal information, along with ways to control your preferences and settings. As Always, Yahoo is committed to gaining your trust. WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS This Privacy Policy covers Yahoo's treatment of personally identifiable and other information that Yahoo collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Yahoo products and services. “Data” and “information” includes information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available. Where applicable we explicitly point out the use of personally identifiable data within our privacy policies. All other data is anonymous to us or is used pseudonymously. The Privacy Policy also gives information about cookies; Yahoo's and third parties' use of cookies; and how you may disable such cookies. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some companies that Yahoo has acquired have their own, preexisting privacy policies. You can find more information on the acquired companies page. Within the section “Topics” you can find detailed information on special topics like cookies and IP addresses. In the section “Products”, you can find additional guidance about our privacy practices relating to particular products or services. "Yahoo” means Yahoo! EMEA Limited which operates within and is subject to Irish data protection law. However, if you are a Sky | Yahoo Mail user, "Yahoo" means Yahoo UK Services Limited in relation to your use of Mail, Messenger (in webmail), Calendar and Addresses.  If you are a BT | Yahoo Mail user, “Yahoo” means Yahoo! UK Services Limited which provides Mail, Messenger (in webmail), Calendar and Addresses as a data processor for BT customers. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE Yahoo (as data controller) collects personally identifiable information when you register for a Yahoo account, when you use certain Yahoo products or services, when you enter promotions or sweepstakes and when you visit Yahoo pages or the pages of certain Yahoo partners outside the branded Yahoo network of websites. Yahoo may combine information (including personally identifiable information) about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies. When you register with Yahoo, we ask for personally identifiable information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, post code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. Yahoo collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer. Yahoo also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, Yahoo cookie information, software and hardware attributes, and the page you requested. Once you register with Yahoo and sign in to our services you are no longer anonymous to us and your usage data will be connected to your account. Yahoo uses information (including anonymous and pseudonymous information, as well as personally identifiable information) for the following general purposes: to personalise the advertising and content you see, fulfil your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients. Yahoo may transfer your personal information for the general purposes set out above to any Yahoo group company worldwide, and they may use your personal information as set forth below. You can find more information within the topic Data Transfer. INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE Yahoo does not rent, sell, or share information about you (including personally identifiable information) with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or in the following circumstances:  to provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use such information to help Yahoo communicate with you (to the extent consented by you) about offers from Yahoo and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, or to any legitimate request by authorities with which compliance is required, or to establish or exercise legal rights or defend against legal claims. to share, when we believe it is necessary, such information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Yahoo's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. to transfer such information about you if Yahoo acquires, or is acquired by or merged with, another company. In this event, Yahoo will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.  Yahoo displays targeted advertisements based on anonymised or pseudonymised data and information, and Yahoo may also display targeted advertisements based on personally identifiable information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria —for example, women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area. Yahoo does not provide any personally identifiable information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES Yahoo may set and access Yahoo cookies on your computer. We may also set and access device identifiers which could include IP address, user agent information (browser version, OS type and version), and device provided identifiers. Once you log into Yahoo on your device, Yahoo may recognize your device to provide you with a personalized experience, independent of your device settings. You can control your personalized experience across Yahoo through our Ad Interest Manager. Learn more. Yahoo lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies and device identifiers is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Yahoo's cookies. Yahoo uses web beacons to access Yahoo cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Yahoo products and services. YOUR ABILITY TO EDIT AND DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION AND PREFERENCES You can edit your Yahoo Account Information, including your marketing preferences, at any time. New categories of marketing communications might be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time. Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive. We reserve the right to send you certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages and other communications relating to the Yahoo service, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. You may delete your Yahoo account by visiting our Account Deletion page, verifying your password once more and confirming your choice to terminate the account. Please click here to read about what information may possibly temporarily remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted. CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY We limit access to information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with our legal obligations to protect information about you. To learn more about security, including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take, please read Security at Yahoo. POSTING ON PUBLICLY ACCESSIBLE AREAS A publicly accessible area is any area of Yahoo that is accessible by the general public and may be indexed by search engines. Yahoo offers you the opportunity to post, submit and exchange content and information on publicly accessible areas, such as Yahoo Groups, Yahoo Message Boards and Yahoo Answers. You should exercise caution if you choose to disclose personally identifiable information in a publicly accessible area. Remember that this information may remain indefinitely in the publicly accessible area of the Service. Also, depending on the particular Service, other users may also be able to view two or more of your individual postings collectively. You are solely responsible for any information that you disclose and disseminate on publicly accessible areas. If you have a concern about any personally identifiable information you have posted on any publicly accessible areas and are unable to delete or edit it, please refer your query to Customer Care. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Yahoo may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your information we will notify you by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Yahoo account or by posting a prominent notice on our pages. QUESTIONS OR SUGGESTIONS If you have questions or suggestions complete a feedback form or contact us at:Yahoo! EMEA Limited5-7 Point VillageNorth Wall Quay, Dublin 1Ireland Last Updated: 20 January, 2014








Yahoo Privacy and Cookie Policy



We have detailed reference links describing our privacy practices for a wide range of Yahoo products and services. Find them here.  





Relevant Advertising



By bringing content and advertising to you that is relevant and tailored to your interests, Yahoo provides a more compelling online experience. Our customized "smart" services save you time and cut through the clutter. Learn More about relevant advertising.





Opt-Out



Prefer not to receive advertising based on your interests? You can opt out of interest-matched advertising on Yahoo


























