


Privacy Policy : Cabela's























    Cabela'sCLUB   Outdoor Adventures   TAGS             Find a Store Near You     Store Flyers    Cabela's Canada     Gift Cards           0       CHECKOUT      Sign In or Create Your Account     My Account Order History Wish List Preferences   Create a New Account or      Hi [firstname]! Your Account    My Account Order History Wish List Email Address and/or Password Billing Address Credit Cards Preferences Log Out            Shop     Hunting Shooting Fishing Boating Camping Auto & ATV Clothing Footwear Home & Cabin Hobbies           Essentials   Boats & Boat Centers  Canoes, Kayaks & Small Boats  Marine Electronics  Outboards & Accessories  Electric Trolling Motors  Anchoring & Docking  Life Jackets & Vests  Survival & Navigation, Men's Boat & Water Shoes, Men's Rainwear, Women's Boat & Water Shoes, Women's Rainwear       Equipment   Boat Seats  Boat Covers  Batteries & Chargers  Livewells, Bilge Pumps & Hatches  Storage Canopies        Tools & Accessories   Boating Accessories  Trailer Accessories  Boat Lighting  Carpet & Floor Coverings  Rod Holders & Storage  Towing & Hitches       Specialty   Trolling Gear  Waterfowl Boating & Blinds  Watersports               Interior   Home & Cabin Dècor  Furniture  Bed & Bath  Lighting & Candles  Kitchen & Dining        Outdoor   Outdoor Cooking  Outdoor Living  Yard & Garden  Tractors  Tractor Equipment  Garage Equipment & Accessories       Food Processing   Butchering Knives & Tools  Food Grinders  Slicers  Canning & Accessories  Smokers & Accessories  Food Dehydrators  See All Butchering & Food Processing Videos, Cooking & Food Processing Books       Specialty   Dog Supplies  Food  Personal Accessories  Luggage & Travel  Home Security  Weather Instruments  Generators & Accessories              Men's   Hunting Boots  Rubber Boots  Casual  Hiking Boots  Western Boots  Work Boots  See All       Women's   Casual  Hiking Boots & Shoes  Hunting Boots  Sandals  Western Boots  Rain & Rubber Footwear  See All       Kids'   Casual  Hikers & Athletic  Hunting Boots  Winter Boots  Sandals  Infants & Toddlers  See All       Specialty   Footwear Accessories  Snowshoes & Accessories  Men's Waders  Women's Waders & Boots  Youth Waders               Men's Casual   Casual Shirts  T-Shirts  Sweaters  Sweatshirts  Casual Pants  Outerwear  See All Men's Casual Footwear       Men's Hunting   Shooting Clothing  Cold-Weather Camo  Camo Rainwear  Waterfowl Clothing  Base Layers  Lightweight Camo  See All Men's Hunting Boots, Men's Waders       Women's   Casual Shirts  T-Shirts  Sweaters  Sweatshirts  Pants, Shorts & Skirts  Outerwear  Hunting  See All Women's Footwear, Women's Waders & Boots       Kids'   Boys' Clothing  Boys' Outerwear  Girls' Clothing  Girls' Outerwear  Infant & Toddler Clothing  Infant & Toddler Outerwear  Hunting Clothing  See All Kids' Footwear, Youth Waders, School Backpacks              Essentials   Tents & Shelters  Sleeping Bags  Backpacks & Bags  Camp Bedding  Men's Hiking Boots, Women's Hiking Boots       Camp Equipment   Camp Cooking & Dining  Coolers  Camp Furniture  Portable Power  Heaters & Fire Pits  Camp Showers & Toilets        Tools & Accessories   Knives & Tools  Lights  Hydration  Safety & Survival  Hiking & Navigation  Emergency Readiness       Specialty   Kids' Camping  Camper & RV  Hunting Outfitter's Camp                Essentials   Archery  Optics  Hunting Accessories  Safety & Survival  After the Shot  Shooting, Ammo, Men's Hunting Clothing, Women's Hunting Clothing, Kids' Hunting Clothing, Food Processing       Scouting   Decoys  Game Calls  Treestands  Blinds  Waterfowl Boating & Blinds  Scents & Scent Eliminators        Tools & Accessories   Knives & Tools  Hunting Bags & Packs  Handheld GPS & Accessories  Two-Way Radios  Lights  Outfitter's Camp        Specialty   Dog Training & Supplies  Trail Cameras & Feeders  Trapping Supplies  Wildlife & Land Management  Men's Hunting Waders               Games & Media   Games & Toys  Video Games  Books & Calendars  Videos        Electronics   Portable Electronics  Home Audio  Action Cameras & Accessories  Drones & Accessories        Activities   Birding  Rock Polishing  Winemaking & Brewing  Metal Detectors & Gold Prospecting  Blowguns  Airguns & Airsoft, Weather Accessories       Personal Accessories   Eyewear  Watches & Jewelry  Personal Accessories  Novelties               Essentials   Fishing Rods  Fishing Reels  Rod & Reel Combos  Fishing Line  Terminal Tackle  Waders  Men's Fishing Clothing, Women's Fishing Clothing       Fishing Styles   Fly-Fishing  Saltwater Fishing  Ice Fishing  Beginner Fishing  Boats & Boat Centers, Boating, Trolling Gear       Tools & Accessories   Marine Electronics  Fishing Tools  Fishing Jigs & Rigs  Tackle Craft  Tackle Storage  Rod & Reel Storage        Bait & Lures   Hard Baits  Soft Baits  Swimbaits  Fish Bait & Attractant               Car, Truck & SUV   Interior  Electronics & GPS  Exterior  Tires, Wheels & Accessories  Towing & Hitches  Winches & Recovery  See All       ATV & UTV   ATVs & UTVs  Aftermarket Accessories  Tires, Wheels & Chains  Winches & Recovery  Towing & Transport  Cargo Management  See All       Tractors & Equipment   Tractors  Material Handling Equipment  Landscaping Equipment  Snow Blowers  Rotary Cutters & Finish Mowers  Tillage Equipment  See All       Specialty   Garage Equipment & Accessories  Camper & RV  Mowers & Accessories  Snowmobile Accessories  Wildlife & Land Management              Essentials   Ammunition  Optics  Shooting Accessories  Gun Storage  Men's Shooting Clothing, Women's Shooting Clothing       Firearms   Handguns  Centerfire Rifles  Rimfire Rifles  Shotguns  Black Powder Firearms  See All Gun Library       Tools & Accessories   Firearm Components  Gun Maintenance  Holsters & Belts  Tactical Gear        Specialty   Reloading  Black Powder  Airguns & Airsoft  Shooting & Reloading Videos, Shooting & Reloading Books          Save  Sales & Bargains         Bargain Cave   New This Week Weekly Specials Rock-Bottom Deals   View All >>       Coupons & Promos   View All Rebates >>         Featured Savings            Learn  Articles & Brands                Learn About Your Passion   Deer    Turkey    Waterfowl    Camp     Cook With Cabela's   Wildlife & Land Management         Recent Articles    Preseason Archery Practice — Deer By Wade Middleton      Avian Buffet — Turkey By Tony Peterson      Become a Better Duck Caller BEFORE the Season By MD Johnson      Stand-Up Paddleboarding By Cabela's Staff        Brands                   Search       











Customer Service


Contact Us
Email Us
Live Chat
Frequently Asked Questions
Track Your Order
Sizing Charts
Return Policy
Shipping Info
Legendary Guarantee
Pricing/Specifications
Gun Restrictions
International Shopping
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Security Certificate






Privacy Policy


Last updated November 20, 2014

This privacy policy applies to www.cabelas.com and other technology resources owned and operated by Cabela's Inc. such as mobile applications, social platforms, chat rooms, blogs and the like ("Tech Resources"). This privacy policy describes how Cabela's Inc. ("Cabela's", "we", "us", "our") collects and uses the personally identifiable information you provide on our Tech Resources and the information that we otherwise collect on our Tech Resources.  It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personally identifiable information and how you can access and update this information.
 
Cabela’s Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe’s Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe’s program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personally identifiable information.  The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software or other Tech Resources.  The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through the web site, www.cabelas.com and not through other Tech Resources although we apply the same protections explained in this privacy policy.
  
  TRUSTe’s mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy Trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at privacy@cabelas.com or by contacting us by postal mail at the address below.  If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here.
Cabela’s Inc.
Privacy Compliance
One Cabela Drive
Sidney, NE 69160
privacy@cabelas.com


  
  Welcome to the Cabela’s Online Store. In order to make you feel comfortable and secure in our online store, Cabela’s has taken numerous precautions to guard your security while making purchases online. Our goal is to make you feel as comfortable shopping here as you would from our catalog or retail showrooms. For each visitor to our web site, our web server automatically recognizes the consumer’s domain name and email address (where possible).
Changes in this Privacy Policy
  We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.
What personally identifiable information is being collected?
  When you visit or make use of Cabela’s Tech Resources, you may be asked to provide us with personally identifiable information in order for us to provide you with the products or services that you have requested. For example, when you order a product, we may ask you to become a registered user of our web site, during which you will be asked for your name, shipping and billing addresses, your email address, and your credit card number or other payment-related information. 

  If you request one of our newsletters or send an inquiry to one of our customer service representatives, we will also store a record of your request along with your email address. 

  In addition, our web servers track various technical details about your visit, such as your computer’s IP address and which pages you visited. We use this information to monitor and improve our Tech Resources as well as personalize your experience with Cabela's through direct on-line advertising. If you access our mobile website or have downloaded a mobile app, we may also automatically collect information when you use our mobile website or download our mobile app about the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device identifier, your mobile operating system, pages you visit on our mobile site, search terms, the type of mobile internet browsers you use and information about the way you use our mobile website and mobile applications.  We use this information to obtain data about your visits to our stores as well as your general shopping habits, how you use our mobile platforms and how we might improve them.

  
  We may also collect location based information when you use our mobile website or mobile applications if you choose to allow us to do so.  Our collection and usage of location based data is below.
  
  
  We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer’s name. We do obtain the customer’s consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial.
  
  When you order a gift certificate you are given the opportunity to include the name and a message for the party receiving the gift certificate. This information is only captured as part of this specific order process and is not stored.
  
  Our web site includes links to other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Cabela’s Inc. If you visit any third party sites or submit personally identifiable information to any of those web sites, your information is governed by their privacy policy. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any web site you visit.
How is the personally identifiable information being used?
  The personally identifiable information we collect is used to provide the products and services that you have requested or that we think you might have an interest in. It is also used to improve the content of our web site, to notify you of problems with your requests, and to update you about changes to our web site.
  
  
  
  
  We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.  We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
  
  In addition, if you provide us with a cell phone number and provide us your prior express written consent by opting-in, we will send you text messages to your mobile device. To opt out of a specific mobile messaging campaign, reply "stop" to 247365 (CABELAS).  Your carrier’s text messaging fees will apply.
With whom do we share your personally identifiable information?
  We will share your personally identifiable information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy.
  In order to operate this web site and in order to provide you with the products and services you have requested, we occasionally need to share information with third parties. We may transmit your personally identifiable information to service providers who assist us with processing orders, shipping products to you, processing your payment information, sending you catalogs, conducting surveys and product reviews, on- and offline sweepstakes, contests or promotions, processing job applications, sending you emails and newsletters, and helping us decide whether to extend credit to you (for example, the Cabela’s CLUB® Visa® card). We have agreements with these service providers that they will protect your privacy in accordance with our standard Privacy Policy. Some of those organizations may have their own Privacy Policies which may give you additional protections, so you are encouraged to read those policies when presented to you. These companies are authorized to use your personally identifiable information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
  We use software tools and service providers to help us gather and analyze information about our customers (anonymous traffic, and from time to time, individual user activity) on our web site. By reporting and tracking ads served on our site, these service providers help us conduct our business, optimize our ad campaigns through the use of data analytics, and deliver the most relevant products and services. They are not permitted to use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
  
  We use one or more service providers to send direct marketing messages on our behalf via email.  Their only role is to help us conduct our business and deliver marketing messages that we believe are the most relevant to you.  They are not permitted to use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
  
  We also use a service provider for tracking and processing job applications. No personally identifiable information is collected unless specifically entered by the user. This information is only used in connection with applying for a position at Cabela’s Inc. You may review this vendor's privacy policy here or to have your information deleted from the career database, please email to this address.
If Cabela's Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personally identifiable information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information.

Third Party Ad Networks and Behavioral Advertising
  We contract with service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this web site. They will collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other web sites to target advertisements for goods and services. These targeted advertisements may appear on our web site or on other sites that you visit. The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. If you do not want these service providers to collect this information you may opt out. Opting out will not in any way affect your use of our web site.
Mobile and Geo–Location
  When you download a mobile application from us, we have the ability to use a service provider to provide you with push notifications containing marketing messages to your mobile device. Your device may allow you to opt out of these push notifications by accessing your device's application or notification settings for the CabelaÂs app.  Cabela's has no control over the application permission notifications that may be provided to you on download from a third party app store or the ability of your device to opt-out of these push notifications.
  
  In addition, if you download our mobile app, we may also send you push notifications based on your location if you activate your location settings on your device. Your ability to turn off location settings and the method for doing so will vary according to your mobile device.  You may not be able to deactivate location based notifications without turning off all location services on certain mobile devices.
  
  If you choose to share your location with us, we use a service provider to approximate your position based on one or more of the following, as available: network location (cell tower triangulation) technology, GPS and wi-fi signals.  IF YOU DO NOT WANT USE TO HAVE ACCESS TO YOUR LOCATION, YOU MAY CHANGE YOUR LOCATION SETTINGS AS PERMITTED BY YOUR MOBILE DEVICE.  CABELA'S HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR THE FUNCTION OF LOCATION SETTINGS WITHIN ANY MOBILE DEVICE.  
  
  Once you allow location based tracking through a mobile application or mobile website, you are agreeing that we can collect and use your location data and can continue to do so until you turn off your location settings and/or opt out of that usage, as may be permitted by your mobile device.  We use this location based data to track your general shopping patterns and stores that you visit and also aggregate this data to help understand general consumer patterns and trends.

Opting Out of Online Advertising
  To opt-out of direct online advertising provided by www.cabelas.com, click here. To opt out of remarketing advertising provided through Google, visit Google's Ad Preferences Manager to customize your ad preferences and tell Google which interest-based ads you'd prefer to see. You may also opt-out of our use of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page. If you do not want to receive those kinds of advertisements, look for the "Ad Choices" icon in the advertisements, which will contain a link to the privacy policy of the ad network that will provide you with information on how to opt-out of receiving such targeted advertising.
You can also visit the website http://www.aboutads.info to change your consumer preferences with respect to certain online ads and to obtain further information about third party ad networks and online behavioral advertising.
Do Not Track
As you may be aware, there are on-going discussions regarding Do Not Track technology. Do Not Track technology allows a user to choose in each separate browser environment (i.e. Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, etc.) whether he or she wants his or her browsing to be tracked across websites. However, industry efforts to standardize Do Not Track technology and policies are ongoing.  Since Do Not Track technology has not been fully standardized, we currently do not honor Do Not Track requests at this time. We will continue to monitor Do Not Track developments so that we can work towards honoring the preferences of our customers as efficiently as possible.
How do I access, update or delete my personally identifiable information?
  If you are a registered user of the web site, you can manage many aspects of your registration information. If your personally identifiable information changes, you may correct, update or delete the information by making the changes on our member information page. For security reasons, however, some parts of your personally identifiable information may not be changed online and may require you to call or write to us in order to verify your identity before such changes can be made. To request that we no longer use your information to provide our services, the removal of your testimonial, or the removal of your information from a blog or public forum, please contact us via our Customer Service email address.
  
  The online registration area will also permit you to exercise control over the use of your email address, allowing you to opt-out of future email messages from this web site. Unfortunately, due to various legal and recordkeeping requirements, we may be required to maintain records about your purchases or other activities on this web site. However, you will always be permitted to opt-out of any marketing uses of information stored about you. If you prefer to manage your personally identifiable information via other means, you may contact us by postal mail at:
Cabela’s Inc.
One Cabela Drive
Sidney, NE 69160
Email Customer Service

Information about the CLUB® Visa® Program
  When you apply for the Cabela’s CLUB® Visa® Card, we submit your information to the companies which process the credit application. If you are approved, you will receive emails about special offers for CLUB® members, as well as the CLUB® Outdoor Review Newsletter. We will also send you, via email and postal mail, information about the terms and conditions that apply to your CLUB® account, as well as various notices required by law. In addition to your registration information stored by Cabela’s, the bank which issues the Visa® card, will also hold your information. In accordance with federal law, the bank which issues the Visa® card will also provide you with information regarding the bank’s privacy policy. If you have any questions regarding the operation of the CLUB® Visa® program, please contact us by emailing "club.e-mail@cabelas.com" or write to:
Cabela’s CLUB® Visa®
One Cabela Drive
Sidney, NE 69160
What information will be disclosed if required by law?
  If required by law, we may provide any and all information we have about you to law enforcement or other government agencies, pursuant to a subpoena, warrant, or other order by a court of competent jurisdiction. In all cases, we will require written documentation of the request, proof of the identity of the law enforcement official making the request, and we will take steps to authenticate the validity of the request. Any law enforcement or government agency request submitted with less than a court-issued order will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis according to the need and urgency, as well as the particular law enforcement agency making the request.
What personally identifiable information is collected in Cabela’s Talk Forums, Trophy Rooms, and other Tech Resources sites?
  On certain portions of our web site as well as through our Tech Resources, we provide message board, chat rooms, social media platforms, entry forms for contests, sweepstakes and promotions, mobile applications and other functions that are geared towards user mobility features such as status updates, check-in, and bragging rights, some with geo-tagging features. Those features may require you to provide additional registration information, such as creating a username and password, providing an email address, mobile phone number or other information, and in some instances may ask for you to consent to have your registration, image or contact information shared with third parties that have partnered with Cabela’s as part of the contest, sweepstake or promotion. It is important to understand that when you participate in some of these enhanced Tech Resources, much of the information you choose to provide is considered "public knowledge" and it is your responsibility to protect your own privacy. If you register to use any of these features, contests, promotions or sweepstakes, we will keep your information private, in accordance with this privacy policy, and any contest, promotion or sweepstakes rules. You have the choice of making certain information about yourself available to other users of the system. It is your responsibility to manage your account settings in order to maintain the level of privacy that you desire. If you inadvertently post private or other inappropriate information, we will do our best to assist you in removing it, but we will not be responsible for any problems arising from your errors. These enhanced Tech Resources are provided without any warranty and you use them at your own risk.
  
  In the event you upload to us content such as commentary or photographs to any of these Tech Resources, you warrant that you have the right to publish such content and give Cabela's Inc. and it subsidiaries and affiliates the unlimited right to use such content.  While you are allowing us to use the content, you always own all of your content, but we ask that you abide by the terms of services of the application service providers with respect to intellectual property rights, and to hold Cabela's harmless from any third party claims of intellectual property rights violations resulting from you uploading content to our various Tech Resources. Because of the nature of internet services and mobile/social media platforms, you may not be able to select an audience for your postings (like when you write on a Page wall or comment on an article or posting made by another).  This is because some types of stories are always public stories. As a general rule, you should assume that the information will be publicly available to all who visit Cabela's. Cabela's reserves the right to approve or reject content uploaded by you.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
  A cookie is a block of text placed in a file on the user’s hard drive by a web site you’ve visited. These types of cookies cannot identify an individual user specifically, such as by name or address, unless the cookie data is attached to personally identifiable information such as online registration. Cabela’s uses cookies to observe visitor’s navigation throughout our web site. This helps us identify ways to improve the shopping experience, personalize our web site, and collect anonymous information to provide direct online advertising.
  
  Cabela’s also uses both session cookies and persistent cookies, which is a piece of identification between your browser and our server, which helps to do things like keep track of the items in a user’s shopping cart, and other information. The shopping cart cookie is saved for a designated period of time in case the users’ session expires or they return to complete a purchase within that time frame. For the convenience of our users, we also place a persistent cookie on the users’ computer when they log in to our talk forums. This gives the advantage of not having to log back in when moving between the talk forums and the rest of the web site.
  
  The use of cookies and clear gifs, a tiny graphic similar in function to cookies, by our partners and service providers is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these technologies.  Our partners and service providers use cookies and clear gifs to assist us with analytics and marketing activities to personalize your experience with Cabela’s.
  
  We use local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences such as volume control or high game score, or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit. Third Parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118

What choices are available to you regarding the collection, use and distribution of the information and how you can correct any inaccuracies in information?
  If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by calling, sending an email, or by writing to us at the above postal address and telling us that you do not want to receive email from our company.
  
  If you provide us with your email address, you may receive messages about your order status, issues regarding the operations of this Web site, and messages from subsidiaries of Cabela’s and other companies with operational relationships to Cabela’s. You may modify your email preferences by calling 1-800-237-8888 or, if you are a registered member at Cabelas.com, you may change them in the My Account section.
  
  If you complete the form to receive our investor package or sign up for SEC alerts via email your information is provided to a third party specifically for those services and will not be used in any other manner.
  
  If you provide us with your postal address, you may receive periodic catalogs from us, or other notices containing information about new products and services or upcoming events. On occasion, we may make our postal mailing address lists available to subsidiaries and affiliated companies that are part of the Cabela’s family of companies. We may also make our postal mailing address lists available to other direct mail companies who we believe may have products and services of interest to our customers. However, we do not share email addresses with any outside organizations that do not have operational relationships with Cabela's for their own marketing purposes. If you do not wish to receive postal mailings from Cabela’s, its subsidiaries, or third-party organizations, please let us know by calling, sending an email, or writing to us at the above postal address. Please provide us with your exact name and postal address and state which lists you wish to be removed from so that we can be sure your information is removed from future mailing lists.
  
  We will request your telephone number or facsimile (FAX) number, and if you provide it, you may receive telephone or FAX contact from us with information regarding your orders, requests for information or in reference to valuable offers from us. We do not sell or rent phone numbers.
Secure Ordering Process
  
  Any credit card information you enter on our site is strongly encrypted by industry-standard protocol, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). The Cabela’s Web site uses SSL to communicate with secure browsers like FireFox and Internet Explorer. These browsers encrypt your credit card and personally identifiable information in a way that makes it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept and misuse while being transmitted between your computer and our server. Don’t worry if your browser is secure or not - if it is insecure, you will not be able to purchase on our online store.
  
  Once you have completed your order online, our security procedures do not end. We take appropriate precautions to protect the security and privacy of the information stored on our computer networks. Many of the systems which store your personally identifiable information are not connected to the Internet, reducing the likelihood of security breaches. Our systems are also housed in secure facilities, and access to your data by our employees is limited to a "need to know" basis, controlled by password protected systems, and monitored for abuse. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
  
  If you are still unsure of giving your credit card over the Internet, please feel free to phone, fax, or mail your order to us. For telephone ordering or assistance, please call 1-800-237-4444. Our fax number for orders is 1-800-496-6329 (for US/Canada 1-308-254-2200). Or, send your order to:
Cabela’s
Attn: Order Processing
One Cabela Drive
Sidney, NE 69160
  
  If you have any further question regarding your online security, please contact us at 1-800-237-4444 or email Customer Service.
Children
  In accordance with federal law, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 without the verifiable permission of a parent or guardian.





Recently Viewed


You have no recently viewed items.







Get Connected


Cabela's Email
Get exclusive deals, news,& special offers.
Learn More

System ErrorPlease try again later.












Thanks!You'll hear from us soon.











Mobile App

An App built forthe outdoors.Learn More



Mobile Text Alerts

Sign up for Mobile Text Alerts to receive offers & deals.

• • • Text JOIN to 247365 • • •
Msg&Data RtsMayApply
Rules Apply


Social Media
The Cabela's Community is growing fast - join in!
































        Find a Store Check out your local store.              Get Connected Join our fast-growing online community.                           Customer Service Call 1-800-237-4444  Email   Live Chat   FAQs           Sign up for text messages         Sign up for email offers        Get our free catalog        Get our mobile app       About Us Our History   Investor Relations  Careers  Diversity and Inclusion  Sponsored Events  Support and Advertising  Consumer Product Safety  Brand Partners  Affiliate Programs  Pro Staff  Pricing/Specifications  Site Map  Your Order Track Your Order  Return Policy  Shipping Information  Legendary Guarantee   Partners  Shopping Resources Gun Library Gift Cards  Customer Reviews  Boats & Boat Centers  ATV  Corporate Outfitters  New Product Submission  Catalog Quick Order  Cabela's Gear Lists  Other Departments Articles and Information  Game & Fish Information  Trophy Room  Cabela's Industry Insider   2015 Cabela's Sales Father's Day Sale  Black Friday Sale  Thanksgiving Day Sale  Christmas Sale  Cyber Monday Sale       Cabela's uses your CAB Support ID to provide faster resolution to issues experienced while on our website. Please provide this ID when contacting Cabela's for support via phone, email or chat.   CAB SUPPORT ID  What is this?   Cambiar a español             ©1996-2015 Cabela's Inc. All Rights Reserved. Please read Cabela's Privacy Policy and Legal Notices.                      








