





























 

















Terms of Use & Policies


















About.com


Food


Health


Home


Money


Style


Tech


Travel



									More
									





Autos


Dating & Relationships


Education


Entertainment


en Español


Careers


News & Issues


Parenting


Religion & Spirituality


Sports












 


 










 











 About.com
 



					Terms of Use & Policies
				




Terms of Use & Policies







Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy & Your Ad Choices
Ethics Policy
Patent Info


Updated November 7, 2013


Terms of Use

PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE BELOW. THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS WHEN
            USING OUR SERVICES.



Acceptance of these Terms of Use.
            The About.com service and its affiliate sites and products, including About.com, About.net,
                AllExperts.com, CalorieCount.com, and Netplaces.com (collectively the "Sites") are owned and operated by
                About, Inc. and its affiliates ("About", the "Company", "we", or "us" ). Access to and use of the Sites
                are subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use (including disclaimers regarding
                professional, medical and nutritional information).
            
"Sites" or "About" shall include any information or services made available by About,
                        regardless of the medium, and shall include, without limitation any affiliated websites, mobile
                        applications, videos, products and applications we make available. We reserve the right at any
                        time, and from time to time, to modify, suspend or discontinue (temporarily or permanently) the
                        Sites, or any part of the Sites, with or without notice. You agree that we shall not be liable
                        to you for any such action.

The Sites are not intended for users under 13 years of age. If you are under
                            13, do not use the Sites and do not provide us with any personal information. The Sites are
                        designed for those people who reside in the United States or any of its territories and
                        possessions. We make no claims that the Sites or any of their content is accessible or
                        appropriate outside of the United States. Access to the Sites may not be legal by certain
                        persons or in certain countries. If you access the Sites from outside the United States, you do
                        so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
                    



Modification of these Terms of Use.
We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions of these Terms of Use at any time. You
                should check this page regularly. The changes will appear on the Sites and will be effective when we
                post the changes. Your continued use of the Sites means you agree to and accept the changes. If a Site
                contains additional terms and conditions then those terms and conditions shall apply to your use of such
                Site, in addition to these terms and conditions, provided, that, in the event of a conflict with these
                terms and conditions, the conflicting terms and conditions of such Site shall apply only to your use of
                that Site and only to the extent of the conflict.


Our Privacy Policy.

                Our Privacy Policy contains further information about how data is collected, used and made available on
                or by our Sites. We recommend that you read it, here.
            


Intellectual property.


Limited license. The materials used and displayed on the
                    Sites, including but not limited to text, software, photographs, graphics, illustrations and
                    artwork, video, music and sound, and names, logos, trademarks and service marks, are the property of
                    About or its affiliates or licensors and are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws. Any
                    such content may be used solely for your personal, non-commercial use. You agree not to modify,
                    reproduce, retransmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast or circulate any such
                    material without the written permission of About or the appropriate affiliate. About grants you a
                    personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use the Sites for non-commercial
                    purposes subject to these Terms of Use. You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way
                    that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not
                    establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our
                    part without our express written consent. Any use of the Sites not expressly permitted by these
                    Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
                

Trademarks. The terms About, About.com, Calorie Count,
                    ConsumerSearch and other Company trademarks and services marks, and associated logos and all related
                    names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans are trademarks of About or its
                    affiliates or licensors. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of About.
                    All other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans on the Sites are the
                    trademarks of their respective owners.
                

Copyright. If you believe content on the Sites violates your
                    copyright, please see our DMCA Policy, below.
                



No reliance on information posted on the Sites, including User
                Contributions or content by independent contributors such as Experts or Guides.


We do not have an obligation to, and you should not expect
                        us to review content on our Sites, including User Contributions or contributions by our
                        independent contributors known as "Experts" or "Guides." Although About and its affiliates may
                    from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, and other user and
                    member generated pages on the Sites, we are under no obligation to do so. You acknowledge that we do
                    not control the information available on Site forums, chat rooms and other user and member generated
                    pages and that any opinions, advice, services, offers or other information or content disseminated
                    through the Sites are those of their respective authors, including users, Experts, Guides and other
                    writers and contributors, who are solely liable for their content. We reserve the right, in our sole
                    discretion, to edit, refuse to post or remove any material submitted to or posted through the Sites.
                    


About our Experts. About seeks out content providers in
                    particular subject matters as independent contributors who publish the content they write (click here to find out about becoming an "Expert"). However, About
                    does not represent or guarantee that any 'Expert' or 'Guide' has achieved any particular level of
                    expertise or knowledge or has any specific qualifications or credentials, without limitation, as to
                    the subject matter to which their contributions relate. We may refer to each of these contributors
                    as an 'Expert' or 'Guide', but you must understand we rely on the information they provide us and we
                    do not independently verify or attempt to confirm any information they provide, nor their
                    qualifications or credentials. About also does not monitor or independently research or verify any
                    content they contribute. Contributors, even if characterized as 'Expert' or a 'Guide', are not
                    employees of About or its affiliates and About cannot and does not represent or warrant the
                    accuracy, completeness or truthfulness of the qualifications or credentials of any contributor, nor
                    of any other users of the Service or Sites. Each Expert or Guide has a biography posted on the Site
                    where the Expert or Guide describes their own experience.
                


                        Don't rely on site content, including User Contributions and content from independent
                        contributors known as Experts or Guides. Content, articles, materials, information and postings
                        by contributors are provided purely for general information purposes only and can never take
                        into account your unique, personal circumstances and needs. Never rely upon such general
                        information in making decisions about specific situations, or use it as a substitute for
                        in-person evaluation or professional advice (including, without limitation, medical, legal, tax,
                        financial or veterinary issues), even if from individuals About characterizes as an 'Expert' or
                        a 'Guide.' You acknowledge and agree that any reliance or actions you take in violation of your
                        agreement with us, shall be at your sole and exclusive risk and About shall have no
                        responsibility or liability to you whatsoever. You also acknowledge and agree that
                        communications on or through the Service, whether with content providers or other
                        users, are at your own risk and are not covered by any privilege or confidentiality obligation
                        that might apply if you were to obtain your own professional advice (e.g., attorney-client;
                        doctor-patient).
                    




Prohibited uses.
You may use the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree
                not to use the Site:

In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or
                    regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and
                    from the United States or other countries).
For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by
                    exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply
                    with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
                
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any
                    "junk mail", "chain letter" or "spam" or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate About, an About employee, another user or any other
                    person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses or screen names
                    associated with any of the foregoing).
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the
                    Site, or which, as determined by us, may harm About or users of the Site or expose them to
                    liability.

Additionally, you agree not to:

Use the Site in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Sites or
                    interfere with any other party's use of the Site, including their ability to engage in real time
                    activities through the Site.
You agree not to "scrape" or disaggregate data from the Site (whether by manual or automated
                    means), for any commercial, marketing, or data compiling or enhancing purpose. Use any manual
                    process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Site or for any other unauthorized purpose
                    without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Site.
Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious
                    or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the
                    Site, the server on which the Site is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the
                    Site.
Attack the Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site.



Content that you make available on the Sites.


User Contributions
The Site may contain message boards, chat rooms, personal web pages or profiles, forums,
                        bulletin boards and other interactive features (collectively, "Interactive Services") that allow
                        users to post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other users or other persons
                        (hereinafter, "post") content or materials (collectively, "User Contributions") on or through
                        the Site.

                        If you voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., user name, email address) on the Sites,
                        such as on a forum, chat room or on any other user or member generated pages, that information
                        can be viewed in search engines, collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited
                        contact from other parties. We advise that you not post any personal or other
                            sensitive information on our Sites.

All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
Any User Contribution you post to the site will be considered non-confidential and
                        non-proprietary. By providing any User Contribution on the Site, you grant us and our affiliates
                        and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns
                        the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute and otherwise disclose to
                        third parties any such material for any purpose.
You represent and warrant that:

You own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to
                            grant the license granted above to us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of
                            their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns.
All of your User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms of Use.

You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit
                        or contribute, and you, not the Company, have full responsibility for such content, including
                        its legality, reliability, accuracy and appropriateness.
We are not responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any User
                        Contributions posted by you or any other user of the Site.
The Sites may provide certain social media features that enable you to:

Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Site.
Send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content,
                            on this Site.
Cause limited portions of content on this Site to be displayed or appear to be
                            displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.

You may use these features solely as they are provided by us, and solely with respect to the
                        content they are displayed with and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and
                        conditions we provide with respect to such features.
The website from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must
                        comply in all respects with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to
                        cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in
                        our discretion.


Monitoring and enforcement; termination
We have the right to:

Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole
                            discretion.
Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or
                            appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Contribution
                            violates the Terms of Use, including the Content Standards, infringes any intellectual
                            property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of
                            users of the Site or the public or could create liability for the Company.
Disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims
                            that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property
                            rights or their right to privacy.
Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law
                            enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Site.
Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Site for any or no reason,
                            including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use. 
                            Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law
                            enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity
                            or other information related to anyone posting any materials on or through the Site. YOU
                            WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSEES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM
                            ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING OR AS A
                            RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS
                            BY EITHER THE COMPANY/SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES. 
                            However, we cannot and do not undertake to review all material before it is posted on the
                            Site, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted.
                            Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions,
                            communications or content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or
                            responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in
                            this section.
                        




Content Standards
These content standards apply to any and all User Contributions and use of Interactive
                        Services. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state,
                        local and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions
                        must not:

Contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive,
                            harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based
                            on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property
                            or other rights of any other person.
Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or
                            contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under
                            applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Use
                            and our Privacy Policy.
                        
Be likely to deceive any person.
Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.
Cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, harass,
                            embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person.
Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or
                            organization.
Promote commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes and other sales
                            promotions, barter or advertising.
Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or
                            entity, if that is not the case.





Your indemnification of us. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold
            harmless About, and all officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensors
            and licensees (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") from and against any and all liability and costs,
            including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection
            with any claim arising out of (a) any User Contributions, or (b) breach by you or any user of your account
            of these Terms of Use or any representations, warranties and covenants contained in these Terms of Use. You
            shall cooperate fully and reasonably in the defense of any such claim. About reserves the right, at its own
            expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
        

WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. THE SITES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS
            WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF TITLE
            OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OTHER THAN THOSE WARRANTIES
            WHICH ARE IMPOSED BY AND INCAPABLE OF EXCLUSION, RESTRICTION OR MODIFICATION UNDER THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO
            THESE TERMS OF USE. WE DO NOT ENDORSE AND ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY
            OPINION, ADVICE OR STATEMENT ON THE SITES. THE INFORMATION, FACTS, AND OPINIONS PROVIDED ARE NO SUBSTITUTE
            FOR PROFESSIONAL ADVICE.
        

LIABILITY DISCLAIMERS.


GENERAL DISCLAIMERS. YOUR USE OF THE SITES IS AT YOUR OWN
                    RISK. NEITHER, ABOUT, INC., IAC/INTERACTIVECORP, NOR ANY OF THEIR SUBSIDIARIES, DIVISIONS,
                    AFFILIATES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES OR LICENSORS (INCLUDING EXPERTS OR GUIDES) SHALL BE LIABLE TO
                    YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY LOSS OR INJURY OR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
                    SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR SIMILAR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF, OR YOUR INABILITY TO
                    ACCESS OR USE, THE SITES AND THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON THE SITES OR ARISING OUT OF ANY ACTION
                    TAKEN IN RESPONSE TO OR AS A RESULT OF ANY INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON THE SITES. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY
                    AND ALL CLAIMS AGAINST ABOUT, INC., IAC/INTERACTIVECORP AND THEIR SUBSIDIARIES, DIVISIONS,
                    AFFILIATES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES AND LICENSORS (INCLUDING EXPERTS OR GUIDES) ARISING OUT OF YOUR
                    USE OF THE SITES AND THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THEREON.
                

PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL AND THERAPEUTIC ADVICE DISCLAIMERS. THE
                    SITES OFFER HEALTH, FITNESS AND NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION DESIGNED FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. YOU
                    SHOULD CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN BEFORE BEGINNING A NEW NUTRITIONAL OR FITNESS PROGRAM.
                    
YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON ANY INFORMATION ON THE SITES, INCLUDING AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR
                            PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE, DIAGNOSIS, OR TREATMENT. IF YOU HAVE ANY CONCERNS OR QUESTIONS
                            ABOUT YOUR HEALTH, YOU SHOULD ALWAYS CONSULT WITH A PHYSICIAN OR OTHER HEALTH-CARE
                            PROFESSIONAL. DO NOT DISREGARD, AVOID OR DELAY OBTAINING MEDICAL OR HEALTH RELATED ADVICE
                            FROM YOUR HEALTH-CARE PROFESSIONAL BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU MAY HAVE READ ON A SITE. THE USE
                            OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON A SITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
NOR SHOULD YOU RELY ON ANY INFORMATION ON THE SITES AS, OR AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR,
                            PROFESSIONAL COUNSELING CARE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, PSYCHIATRY, PSYCHOTHERAPY, OR
                            OTHER MENTAL HEALTH OR REHABILITATION TREATMENT, DIAGNOSIS OR ADVICE.
FURTHER, AS MEDICAL RESEARCH AND SCIENCE EVOLVE, THE ADVICE CONTAINED ON THE SITES WILL
                            NOT ALWAYS INCLUDE THE MOST RECENT FINDINGS OR DEVELOPMENTS WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR
                            SUBJECT MATTER.





Our additional disclaimers and your representations regarding
                "Calorie Count".


Your representations. In becoming a Member of About's
                    Calorie Count Sites and use the Calorie Count Service, you affirm that either (A) all of the
                    following statements are true: (i) no physician has ever informed you that you have a heart
                    condition or that you should only make diet changes or physical activities as recommended by a
                    physician; (ii) you have never felt chest pain when engaging in physical activity; (iii) you have
                    never lost your balance because of dizziness and you have never lost consciousness; (iv) your
                    physician is not currently prescribing drugs for your blood pressure or heart condition; (v) you are
                    not taking any medication that would adversely interact with specific foods or diet plans; (vi) you
                    are neither pregnant, breastfeeding nor lactating, and (vii) you do not know of any other reason,
                    including any prior medical condition, why you should not diet or exercise; or (B) if any of the
                    above are true, then your physician has specifically approved of your use of Calorie Count.

If You Cannot Make The Above Representations, You Should Not Use the Calorie
                            Count Service.

We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your membership if we determine that you have
                        certain medical conditions.


Nutritional information disclaimer. Actual product packaging
                    and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on the Sites.
                    Additionally, users may submit product nutritional information which may not be accurate.
                    Accordingly, although this information is intended to be helpful, you should not rely on the
                    information presented, but should always read actual product labels, warnings, and directions before
                    using or consuming a product. For additional information about a product, please contact the
                    manufacturer. Information and statements regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by
                    the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any
                    disease or health condition.
                



Third party links, advertisements, websites and content. We do not
            review or monitor any web sites, advertisements, or other media linked to or available through the Sites and
            are not responsible for the content of any such third party advertisements or linked web sites. Prior to
            purchasing any third party products or services described on the Sites, you are advised to verify pricing,
            product quality and other information necessary to make an informed purchase. Neither About nor its parent
            or any of its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates, agents, representatives or licensors shall have any
            liability arising from your purchases of third party products or services based upon the information
            provided on the Sites, and we shall not receive or review complaints regarding such purchases.
        

Disputes. These Terms of Use and any disputes arising out of or
            related to the Sites shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the
            State of New York (without regard to conflict of law principles). In the event of any such dispute, you
            irrevocably consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the courts located in the State of New York,
            County of New York.
        

Limitation on time to file claims. ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU
            MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE SITES MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR
            AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
        

Waiver and severability. No waiver of About of any term or
            condition set forth in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or
            condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of About to assert a right or
            provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
            If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction
                to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to
                the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force
                and effect.


Entire agreement. The Terms of Use constitute the sole and entire
            agreement between you and About with respect to the Sites and supersede all prior and contemporaneous
            understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the
            Sites.
        


DMCA Policy. About deals with copyright infringement in accordance
            with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). You may not post, upload, or otherwise place any content
            or information on the site that belongs to a third party, unless you have the legal right to do so. If you
            believe in good faith that your copyrighted work has been reproduced on our Sites without authorization in a
            way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify our designated copyright agent either by mail to
            Copyright Agent (Legal), About, Inc., 1500 Broadway, 6th Floor, New York, NY, 10036 or in email to
            SafeHarborAgent@About.Com. This contact information is only for suspected copyright infringement.
            Please include the following:
            
Your physical or electronic signature.
Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to have been infringed or, if the claim
                    involves multiple works on the Sites, a representative list of such works.
Identification of the material you believe to be infringing in a sufficiently precise manner to
                    allow us to locate that material, such as the precise url (web page) that it appeared on, along with
                    any copies you have of that web page.
Adequate information by which we can contact you (including your name, postal address,
                    telephone number and e-mail address).
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not
                    authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
A statement that the information in the written notice is accurate.
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notice is accurate and that
                    you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the
                    Sites is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and
                    attorneys' fees).



Your Comments and Concerns

                This website is operated by About, Inc., located at 1500 Broadway, New York, NY 10036. All
                other feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the Sites
                should be directed to: Customer Care.
            
Thank you for visiting the Site.


Top 



Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously. Please take a moment to read this privacy policy, which discloses the privacy
        practices of the About, Inc. ("About" or "we") websites, including About.com, About.net, AllExperts.com,
        CalorieCount.com, and Netplaces.com, as well as our downloadable software applications for supported devices,
        including mobile devices (collectively, the "Service(s)" or "Websites"). Specifically, the policy outlines the
        types of information that may be gathered when you register for or use the Services, and the ways in which that
        information may be used.
The Types of Information We Collect
Information You Give Us
To enable you to enjoy certain features of our Services, we collect certain types of information, including
        personally identifiable information. For example, we collect information when you:

Sign up to receive email newsletters. When we send newsletters
            to subscribers we may allow advertisers or partners to include messages in those newsletters, or we may send
            dedicated newsletters on behalf of those advertisers or partners. To unsubscribe from a particular
            newsletter, click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of that email newsletter. If you would like to
            globally opt-out from ALL About.com email campaigns please send an email to optout@about.com with
            "Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
Register. When you register to use forums or other Services, we
            ask you to provide certain information, which may include your email address, home address, birth year,
            gender, health conditions, credit card number and zip code, as well as a password for your account.
Engage in public activities on the Services. We offer you
            opportunities to engage in public activities on the Services that are designed to be visible to other users
            and the public at large, including comments, forums, recommendations, reader reviews, ratings or any other
            items that you submit. Any information you disclose in your public activities, along with your screen name
            or ID, or any image or photo, becomes public and may be used by us for online and offline promotional or
            commercial uses in any and all media. Information you submit is not private or
                confidential, nor is it protected by attorney-client, doctor-patient, or any other privilege and
                (regardless of restrictions we impose in our Terms of Use or other policies) it might be read,
                collected and used by others, including through third party search engines which may index the
                information you post. You therefore should be aware that any personally identifiable information you
            submit there might be read, collected, or used by other users of these areas, and could be used to send you
            unsolicited messages, mine your data, communicate with or market to you in other ways. We are not
            responsible for safeguarding the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums
            and About.com has no responsibility to publish, take down, remove or edit any of your public activities or
            any of your submissions that are a result of your public activities. For more information, see the About.com
            Terms of Use.
Provide Us Your Credit Card and Billing Information. To enable
            payment for certain Services, we or a service or payment provider acting on our behalf may collect and store
            billing and credit card information.
Contests, Sweepstakes and Special Offers. We may sponsor
            contests, sweepstakes, or promote special offers on the Service or on third party websites. If you elect to
            participate, we may require personal information from you, including, in most cases, your first and last
            name and e-mail address. When you do so, you agree that we may retain and use the information you provide us
            (including through third party sites) as permitted in this Privacy Policy. Data collected directly by other
            participating companies is not subject to this Privacy Policy.

Information We Collect Using Technology

Device Information. We may collect information about the
            browser, computer, mobile phone, smartphone or other device you use to access the Services to measure the
            effectiveness of those Services.
Cookies and Similar Technology. As further explained below, we may use cookies, pixel trackers, server
            logs, and other Internet technology for purposes such as measuring the effectiveness of the Services, emails
            we send you, and any advertising campaigns, as well as to target meaningful content and ads (including
            through emails). Sometimes, we may facilitate the use by third party platforms of these anonymous cookies,
            or similar technology, to help those third parties better target ads to you based on other websites you may
            have visited. To learn more about how third parties may collect and use information online, and how you can
            exercise opt-out choices regarding that information, see the below Section titled "Information Collected by
                Third-Parties and Your Ad & Cookie Choices."
IP Addresses. We log Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, or the
            location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. We use
            this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to our Services (websites and mobile applications),
            and may also use it to infer your location, as also discussed in the below section titled "Geolocation
            Data."
Geolocation Data. For certain mobile applications we offer, we
            may (or may enable a third party, including an advertiser to) request your geolocation information in order
            to provide you with ads, offers, search or other functionality. If you agree to such collection, we (or the
            third party) may maintain information regarding your precise geolocation including over time and may use it
            to help enable that functionality, or other functionality we describe to you in connection with the mobile
            application or website. In addition, we may (or may enable a third party, such as an
            advertiser to) capture geo-location information (such as based on IP address data) when you access our
            Services, and may use that geo-location information to targets ads or offers to you.
Analytics. We may use third parties to provide us information,
            reports and analysis about the usage and browsing patterns of users of the Services. These reports contain
            aggregated or anonymous data only, and do not identify individual users to About.com.
Log Files. We may also automatically log certain information
            about your use of the Services. This information includes a reading history of the pages you view and a
            record of the sites from which you clicked on a link to visit ours.


Cookies, Web Beacons, and Similar Technologies
Like many websites, and web and mobile services, we may use (or work with third party partners who use) a
        variety of technologies to learn more about how people interact with our Services. This section provides more
        information about some of those technologies and how they work.

Cookies. Cookies are small files that websites and other online services use to store
            information about users on the users' own computers. Cookies can be used to store sign-in credentials so
            that you don't have to enter them each time you return to a website, or to store other information to make
            web viewing more customized or efficient upon future visits. Cookies also may store a unique identifier tied
            to your computer so that web services and advertising networks can recognize you across visits to different
            websites. You can configure your Internet browser to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse
            all or certain cookies completely.  We (or our partners) may use or support cookies for
            purposes including the following:
            
To collect information about your browsing activities in order to deliver customized or
                    relevant services, advertising or content to you (including regarding our own products and content),
                    when you browse our Website or other websites or open the emails we send you;
To relate the information collected by cookies to information we obtain from you directly or
                    from commercially available sources;
To work with third parties that serve advertisements (through our Services or across the
                    Internet) or provide other services to us, such as providing users the ability to comment on
                    content, allowing users to share content, or tracking website usage statistics. We do not control
                    these third party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of the third
                    parties using such technologies. For more information about third party ad networks and services
                    that use these technologies, see www.aboutads.info, and to
                    learn about or exercise your opt-out options, go to http://aboutads.info/choices.
                    To learn more about how third parties may collect and use information online, and how you can
                    exercise opt-out choices regarding that information, see the below Section titled "Information Collected by
                        Third-Parties and Your Ad & Cookie Choices."
                

Other Local Storage. We (or our partners) may use other kinds
            of local storage, such as Local Shared Objects (also referred to as "Flash cookies") and HTML5 local
            storage, in connection with the Services. These technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above in
            that they are stored on your computer and can be used to store certain information about your activities and
            preferences. However, these objects are stored in different parts of your computer from ordinary browser
            cookies. Your browser may allow you to disable its HTML5 local storage or delete information contained in
            its HTML5 local storage. For information about deleting information contained in Local Shared Objects or
            adjusting related preferences, please click here.
Web Beacons. We (or our partners) may use technologies called
            web beacons that communicate information from your Internet browser to a web server. Web beacons can be
            embedded in web pages, videos, or emails, and can allow a web server to read certain types of information
            from your browser, check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message, and determine,
            among other things, the time and date on which you viewed the web beacon, the IP address of your computer,
            and the URL of the web page from which the web beacon was viewed. These web beacons may be used for a
            variety of purposes, including to analyze the use of the Services and in conjunction with cookies to provide
            content and ads that are more relevant to you.

How We May Use and Share the Information We Collect


Providing the Services You Request
We use the information we gather about you to enable your use of the Services, fulfill your requests
                for certain products and services, such as sending out electronic newsletters and enabling you to
                participate in and renew paid services, polls, contests, and message boards. We reserve the right to
                disclose your opt-out information to third parties so they can suppress your name from future
                solicitations, in accordance with applicable laws. In addition, if you request that we send your
                information to a third party service, such as for earning rewards points or other benefits, we may do so
                and use of that information by the third party is subject to their privacy policy.


Statistical Analysis
We use the information, including analytics and statistical information, to analyze the use of the
                Services so that we may improve them. We also use this information to generally inform advertisers about
                the nature of our user base.


Customizing Your Experience
We use the information that we collect to allow advertising to be targeted to the users for whom such
                advertising is most pertinent. We may also use this information to customize certain features of the
                Services to provide you with an enhanced experience based on information such as the type of device you
                are using to access the Services, your activities on the services, or your location or geo-location. We
                may also use this information to provide you with services you have requested.


Service Providers
We may contract with other companies that provide services to us, including credit-card and billing
                processors, survey administrators, technical or customer support, shipping, e-mail distribution, email
                service providers, data enhancement and information or analytics providers, list processing and
                promotions management. Sometimes, we may provide to these service providers aggregate or anonymized
                information about how users interact with our Services (or other information provided to us by users),
                which may help them enhance their own products, data or analytics.


Our Parent Company
About, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of IAC and an operating company of Ask.com. We share
                information we collect with our affiliates (entities that are under common ownership or control) to
                better understand our users (their demographics, what they do on our Websites, what Website features
                they like, how they use them, etc.), to serve ads on other IAC websites, and to improve the content and
                answers delivered on the Services and on affiliate services, such as Ask.com's services.


Communication with Guides, Experts and other Contributors to the Services

The Services feature content provided by people who are independent contractors and not employees of
            About, including content provided by contributors including those we call "Experts" or "Guides." If you
            contact an Expert or Guide (or other contributor) directly by email through the Services (including via an
            about.com or aboutguide.com email domain) or otherwise then that communication is independent of the
            Services, and thus not subject to this Privacy Policy. Although About contractually requires its Expert and
            Guide contributors to maintain information from About users in confidence, About cannot and does not
            guarantee that they will do so, and is not responsible for what our contributors may say, or how they may
            use information you have freely provided to them. Likewise, your communications with a contributor are not
            private or confidential, nor are such communications protected by attorney-client, doctor-patient, or any
            other privilege. For more information see our Ethics Policy and Terms of Use.
        

Top 



Cookie Policy & Your Ad Choices
Information Collected by Third-Parties and Your Ad & Cookie Choices
Third parties may collect information about you through the Services, including through use of the
        technologies for serving relevant ads and other reasons as described above. We may not have access to, nor
        control over, these third parties' data collection practices and we do not assume any liability related to their
        collection or use. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other
        tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Websites. The information they collect
        may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal
        information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services.
        They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted
        content on the Websites or on any other websites on the Internet.
For instance, like many other websites and applications, in addition to our own systems, we may use other
        third-party ad servers, analytics platforms and data management platforms to serve and display Advertisements,
        or to collect information about you and your use of the Services for other analytics purposes. They may use
        cookies, pixel trackers, web beacons or other internet or mobile
        technology to collect non-personal and/or anonymous information about your use of the Services (e.g., click
        stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) and precise
        geolocation and user device identification (if you have provided your consent for such collection) during and
        about your visits to the Websites and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services
        likely to be of greater interest to you. In certain cases, you have options and choices about the collection and
        use of information by third parties on our Websites:

For more information about these third-party Ad Networks and opting out of tracking through the NAI,
            visit: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
        
For more information about interest-based advertising and opting out through the DAA, visit: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/

For more information about disabling and controlling third-party cookies in your browser, visit: http://www.aboutcookies.org/Default.aspx?page=1



        In addition to the above, we have implemented on our Services certain "Google Analytics" features that support
        Display Advertising, including re-targeting. Visitors to our Websites may opt out of Google Analytics, customize
        the Google Display Network ads by using the Google Ad
            Preferences Manager and learn more about how Google serves ads by viewing its Customer Ads Help Center. If you do not wish to participate
        in Google Analytics, you may also download the Google
            Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
    
Other Privacy Considerations
We may transfer your information to a third party if we or any of our affiliates are involved in a transfer
        or all or part of our business or assets (e.g., a sale, merger, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization) or
        are taking steps in anticipation of such a transaction (e.g., participating in due diligence).


Do Not Track Browser Disclosure
Do Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way
                for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage
                visits collected over time and across websites or online services.

                We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our
                Websites for third party purposes, and that is why we provide the NAI "Consumer Opt-out" link and the
                DAA opt-out link above.
                However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the
                Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to
                comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.
            


Information from Children Under 13
We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13. If we
                determine that a user is under 13, we will delete all personally identifiable information collected from
                that user.


Information from Users Outside of the United States
If you are visiting the Services from outside the United States, your data will be transferred to and
                stored in our servers in the U.S. By using our Services, you consent to our collection and use of your
                data as described in this privacy policy, and acknowledge that data protection laws in the U.S. may be
                different or less restrictive than in some other countries.


Your California Privacy Rights
Under the California "Shine The Light" law, California residents may opt-out of the disclosure of
                personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes (as those concepts are defined in
                that law) However, we do not currently engage in the type of sharing covered by that law.


Compliance With Legal Process
We may disclose personal information (1) if we believe such sharing is appropriate to comply with the
                law or with legal process; (2) to protect and defend our rights, services or property; (3) to protect
                against misuse or unauthorized use of the Services; or (4) to protect the safety or property of our
                users or any member of the public (among other things, this means that if we believe you have provided
                false information or attempted to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part
                of any investigation into your actions).


Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please visit us at:

http://www.about.com/help.htm

Or you can contact us by mail at:

Customer CareAbout, Inc.1500 Broadway, 6th Floor  New York, NY 10036
        

Top 



Ethics Policy
Advertising Policy
About maintains a distinct separation between Advertising and editorial content.

All Advertising or sponsored content on the About sites is clearly and unambiguously distinguished from
            editorial content through borders or other distinguishing elements and/or identified as an "Ad,"
            "Advertisement," "Sponsored" or a similar designation indicating that the content is being provided by or on
            behalf of the sponsor.
All ads on About.com Health are labeled as an "Ad," "Advertisement," "Sponsored" or a similar
            designation indicating that the content is being provided by or on behalf of the sponsor.
All "native" ads or paid content are identified as an "Ad," "Advertisement," "Sponsored" or a similar
            designation indicating that the content is being provided by or on behalf of the sponsor.
Editorial content on the About sites is not influenced by advertisements unless the content is
            sponsored content, in which case, the content will be clearly demarcated and identified with the title "Ad,"
            "Advertisement," or "Sponsored", or a similar designation, indicating that the content is being provided by
            or on behalf of an advertiser or sponsor.

About Ethics Policy for Independent Contractor Experts

        In General. Experts are independent contractors who create and publish content on About.com and affiliated sites
        ("Sites"). Experts are compensated in part based on the amount of content that they create and/or the page views
        of the Sites containing the content they create. About.com contractually requires that Experts maintain high
        ethical standards and all legal requirements, including Federal Trade Commission (FTC) disclosure requirements.
        Experts writing for About Health are contractually obligated to comply with ethical standards embodied in the
        HONcode. The Experts, and not About.com, are responsible for their own compliance with these standards. These
        Experts and other writers provide advice and information that they intend to be not only practical but
        trustworthy. These Experts and other writers and not About.com write and are responsible for their content and
        this content is made available on About.com "AS IS". Your use of the Sites is subject to the Terms of Use (including the disclaimers).
    

Ecommerce and Affiliate Links Disclosure. Experts may receive compensation for participation in
        third-party affiliate programs, including purchases made through links to About's ecommerce partners.
    

Funding Statement. About.com is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of IAC/Interactive Corp,
        which is a public company (NASDAQ: IACI). Other than loans or transfers from affiliated companies, the only
        external sources of funding are from advertisements and sponsored content on the website.
    
Top 



Patent Info
The About system is covered by one or more of the following patents:

U.S. Patent No. 5,918,010
U.S. Patent No. 6,081,788
U.S. Patent No. 6,157,926
U.S. Patent No. 6,195,681
U.S. Patent No. 6,226,648
U.S. Patent No. 6,336,132
U.S. Patent No. 8,719,333
Australian Patent No. 729,891
Other Patents Pending.

Top 


 







 

 





 About.com
 



					Terms of Use & Policies
				


 







About Today Follow us:
 
 
 
 
 


We deliver. Get the best ofAbout Today in your inbox.






Thanks for signing up!
There was an error. Please try again.
Please enter a valid email address.
Did you mean ?

            You can opt-out at any time.. See our privacy policy.
        

 




Our Story
Advertise With Us
Site Map
Help




Write for About
Careers at About
Terms of Use & Policies


 





© 2015 About.com — All rights reserved. 







 


