Verizon | About You - Privacy Policy









Español     Contact Us     My Verizon

Residential
Business



Verizon Business Sites




Small Business
Complete solutions to start or grow your businesswith less than 20 employees.
Medium Business
Solutions to build, enhance or outsource yourmulti-site technology needs.
Enterprise
Global and national enterprises, governmentsand wholesalers



Wireless







 






Our Company


Awards and Recognition

Products and Services
Verizon Credo
Corporate History
Annual Reports
Corporate Governance

Public Policy

Partner Solutions

About Verizon Wireless

About Verizon Enterprise Solutions




Leadership Team


Bios and Pictures

Speeches

Request a Speaker

Email Signup




Innovative Solutions


Health Care Solutions

Energy Management

Sustainable Economy

Security

4G LTE

FiOS

Cloud Services

Global IP

Connected Home

Innovation Program

Flex View




	 













   Search Site 

		 

























About / Privacy Policy





|
VZ  
	    
	     
| Disclaimer

Note: This stock quote is delayed by at least 20 minutes and is not intended for trading purposes.





 




				Privacy Policy Summary


					 











Privacy Policy Summary

Full Privacy Policy

Privacy Officer Message

Recent Changes to the Policy

Tips for Guarding Your Information

FiOS Privacy Policy
 
Your California Privacy Rights

Mobile Location Analytics

Device Installment Privacy

AOL Privacy Policy
 
EU Safe Harbor




			Verizon Participates in the TRUSTe Privacy Program
[ more ]


				Verizon has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and our practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. Verizon wants you to feel confident about your privacy when you use our Web sites (verizon.com, verizonwireless.com, mci.com, verizonbusiness.com, vzw.com, vzwshop.com, and verizon.net) so we ask TRUSTe to review these sites to ensure compliance with its guidelines. The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at contact us. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here.
[ less ]




			Verizon is accredited by the Better Business Bureau Online (BBBOnLine)
[ more ]


				The BBBOnLine seal confirms that Verizon is an accredited business that abides by the BBB's Code of Business Practices. This Code represents sound advertising and selling practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in a business. With regard to safeguarding privacy, the BBB Code requires accredited businesses to protect any data they collect against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
[ less ]




Verizon is Committed to Protecting Your Privacy

		At Verizon, we are committed to maintaining strong and meaningful privacy protections for customers. Our privacy policy is designed to inform you about the information we collect, how we use it, and your options about certain uses of information. Key elements of our full privacy policy are summarized below.

		Verizon's privacy policy applies to website visitors and customers of the Verizon family of companies in the United States. Additional privacy practices that apply to FiOS, Verzion Wireless, AOL and Verizon Vehicle services are also described in the full policy. Supplemental privacy policies for AOL companies and the services they provide are described in the AOL privacy policy. In the event of a conflict between the Verizon privacy policy and the AOL privacy policy, the AOL policy will control when you are on an AOL site or using an AOL product or service.
Read more

Information We Collect and How We Use It

		Verizon collects and uses information about our customers and website visitors when you interact with us, when you use our products and services, and when you visit our websites.

		This information is used to deliver, provide, and repair products or services; establish and maintain customer accounts and billing records; contact you about our products and services and direct offers or promotions to you; monitor website statistics; and manage and protect our networks. Information may also be aggregated or anonymized for business and marketing uses by us or by third parties.

		We may also obtain consumer information (such as demographic and interest data) from outside companies who provide such data. We use this data and combine it with other information we have to help us predict customer preferences and direct marketing offers.
Read more

Information Provided to or Used by Third-Party Advertisers

		You may see third-party advertisements on some Verizon websites, services, or devices. In some instances, advertisers seek to provide advertising that may be more relevant to your interests. They do this, for example, by placing cookies on your browser and using them to collect information about your visit on our websites. They may combine this information with similar information obtained from other websites. We also may provide third-party advertisers with the ability to target their ads using certain information about customers. This information does not identify you individually. You have choices and may limit the use of your information.
Read more

		Information We Share


		Within the Verizon Family of Companies:

		Verizon shares customer information within our family of companies. You can limit our sharing of certain types of customer information, known as Customer Proprietary Network Information, for certain marketing uses.
Read more

		Outside the Verizon Family of Companies:

		Except in circumstances explained in our Privacy Policy, in privacy policies for specific services, or in agreements with our customers, Verizon does not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with others outside of Verizon who are not doing work on Verizon's behalf without your consent. We may share information with our vendors and partners for business purposes and when necessary for them to perform work on our behalf. Verizon may also share certain non-personal identifiable information with outside companies to assist with the delivery of advertising campaigns or preparing and sharing aggregate business and marketing reports.
Read more

How to Limit the Sharing and Use of Your Information


		Your Choices



				Customer Information:

				You may choose to opt out of the sharing of specific customer information, within the Verizon family of companies for certain marketing purposes.
Read more



				Telemarketing:

				You may request to be removed from the Verizon telemarketing lists at any time.
Read more



				Marketing Email, Postal Mail and Door-to-Door Calls:

				You may opt out of receiving marketing-related emails, text messages, or postal mailings or prevent door-to-door marketing.
Read more



				Information Used for Online Advertising:

				You have choices about whether certain information collected on websites, including Verizon's, is used to customize advertising based on predictions generated from your visits over time and across different websites.
Read more



Wireless Location Services:

				Verizon apps that use location information provide users with choices about controls around the use of this information.
Read more



FiOS TV Services:

				Specific privacy protections apply to Verizon's FiOS and other fiber-to-the-premises services.
Read more



Relevant Advertising:

				Customers may opt-out of participating in relevant advertising programs on their Internet access services or their FiOS television service.
Read more



Business and Marketing Reports:

				Verizon Wireless customers may opt-out of allowing Verizon Wireless to use their information to create aggregated business and marketing reports.
Read more



AOL:

				You have choices about how AOL uses information. To learn more, visit the AOL Privacy Policy.



Parental Controls:

				Age-based content controls are available for Verizon's Internet, Wireless and TV services.
Read more



Information Security

		Verizon has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of customer information we maintain.
Read more

		Contact Information

		If you have questions, concerns or suggestions related to our Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, you may contact us at:

		Verizon Privacy Office
		1300 I Street, NW
		Suite 400 West
		Washington, DC 20005
		Fax: 202-789-1432
		Email: privacyoffice@verizon.com 

Accessing and Updating Your Information

		You may correct inaccuracies in your information by calling a customer service representative or by accessing your online account and updating your information.
Read more

Changes to the Privacy Policy

		If Verizon elects to use or disclose information that identifies you as an individual in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our policy at the time we collected that information from you, we will give you a choice regarding such use or disclosure by appropriate means, which may include use of an opt-out mechanism.
Read more

		Verizon is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program.
Read more

		Updated June, 2015

		© 2009, 2011-2015 Verizon. All Rights Reserved.






















Home
Our Company
Innovative Solutions
Corporate Responsibility
News Center
Investors
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions


© 2013 Verizon


