







Privacy Policy - Kelley Blue Book























































ZIP CODE: 

|





You have been signed out of My KBB





Saved Cars 
Saved Comparisons
Cars I might Like
Most Researched Cars
Dealer Price Quotes
ZIP CODE: 
Account Profile
Sign Out






Not a Member?
Become a member today for free and:

Save your research
Save car comparison
Save price quote requests
See our customized car recommendations

Sign up today


Sign In




Email:



Password:




Remember me
Sign in




Forgot your password?



Forgot Password?

Enter your email address, and we’ll send you a new password.



						Email:
					



Go







Sign Up for MyKBB
I already have an account




Email:



Confirm Email:




					Set Password: 




Confirm Password:



Profile Name: 





					I acknowledge that I have read and accept the Terms of Use.
				




					I'd like to receive useful tips, tools and resources via email from Kelley Blue Book and affiliates.
				



					Privacy Policy
				


					Sign up
				






You've created your personalized KBB Profile!
Now you can start saving your car research and get customized car recommendations.
Click on a link below to start.

My Recently Viewed Cars


My Profile





To save a ZIP code, allow your browser to accept cookies.
Enter Your ZIP CODE
Please enter a valid 5-digit ZIP code.

Location:

Save

Your ZIP code is used to provide you with information specific to your location.

			Privacy Policy
		
		|
		
			Values outside the United States
		








Home



Car Values


New & Used Car Prices
Trade-in & Private Party Values





Cars for Sale


Search Local Inventory
Sell Your Car
Free Dealer Price Quote
Vehicle History Report
Find Local Dealers





Car Reviews


KBB Expert Reviews
New Car Buyer's Guide
Consumer Reviews
Safety & Quality Ratings





Awards & Top 10s


Top 10 Lists
KBB Awards
New Car Buyer's Guide
Latest Car News
Auto Show News





Research Tools


Compare Cars
Payment Calculator
Vehicle History Report
5-Year Cost to Own
Car Loans
Insurance
Check My Credit
Photos & Videos
Rebates & Incentives



























KBB Privacy Statement


    This statement is effective as of 6/2/2015.

Introduction
Thank you for your interest in Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. ("KBB").  We respect the privacy of our users when they use our websites, mobile and other online applications and products and services (collectively, the "KBB Sites").  By using KBB Sites, you consent to the use of your information and information about you in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
When we refer to KBB within this Privacy Statement, we are referring to KBB.com, Inc.  This Privacy Statement applies to information collected through the KBB Sites and does not describe the collection, use and disclosure practices of any of our corporate affiliates or third parties. For information on the collection, use and disclosure practices of any company with whom you are doing business, whether or not affiliated with KBB, please review their privacy policies.
Services offered by KBB are not directed to individuals under the age of eighteen (18).  If you are under eighteen (18), you should not provide any personal information to us.

    This Privacy Statement covers:
    
Information We Collect

Information You Provide
Automated Information
Data Technologies
Video
Location Information
Publicly Posted Information
Combined Information and Information from Other Sources

How We May Use the Information We Collect
Applications, Widgets and Social Media
Advertising Networks
Information We Share

Affiliates
Our Service Providers
Co-Sponsored Promotions
Promotions on Behalf of Third Parties
Sellers, Dealers and Manufacturers
Corporate and Asset Transactions
Other

Your Choices
Your California Privacy Rights
Access and Correction
Links
Data Security
Disputes
Updates to this Privacy Statement
How to Contact Us



Information We Collect
Information is gathered from the KBB Sites by us, our service providers, advertisers, sponsors and partners.

Information You Provide. We may collect information that you choose to provide on the KBB Sites in a variety of ways, such as when you:

register for one of our products or services.  This information may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, Social Security Number, and credit information;
make information available to us via social networking logins, such as Facebook or Twitter;
express an interest in buying, selling or trading in a car (such as by using our "email the seller" function);
participate in chats, web forums or other interactive sessions;
provide payment card information for one of our products or services;
subscribe to newsletters or provide feedback; and
participate in surveys, sweepstakes or other promotions.



Automated Information. Information regarding your use of the KBB Sites may be collected and/or aggregated through the use of automated means.  This automatically collected information may include information such as:

your IP address, the type of browser and operating system used;
date and time you access the KBB Site and pages you visit, and if you linked from or to another website, the address of that website;
email you open and links you click on within those email; and
your ISP or mobile carrier, and the type of handheld or mobile device that you used.


Data Technologies. Various technologies are used to automatically collect information, such as cookies, local shared objects, and web beacons (generally referred to as "Data Technologies"). "Cookies" are small identifiers sent from a web server that are stored on your device for the purpose of identifying your browser or storing information or settings in your browser.  "Local shared objects," sometimes known as Flash cookies, may be used to store your preferences or display content based upon what you have viewed on various websites to personalize your visit.  A "web beacon," also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies.  Anonymous advertising identifiers are increasingly being used on mobile devices and otherwise in a manner similar to cookies.  When we refer to Data Technologies, we are including all current and similar future technologies.
One or more Data Technologies may be used on the KBB Sites and other websites and mobile applications (that may not be the KBB Sites) by us, by another party on our behalf, or by third parties in accordance with their privacy policies.  Data Technologies may be used by us and others, on our behalf and on their own behalf, to transmit information to you or about you and connect information about you from different sources, websites, devices, and mobile applications.
We may use a uniquely generated trackable toll-free telephone number on dealer sites or in advertisements. If you call one of these uniquely generated toll-free numbers, we (or a service provider acting on our behalf) may collect non-personally identifiable information about the call (e.g. date, time, duration), as well as personally identifiable information (e.g. your name, the number from which your call originated).
Videos We may target and track the videos you view on the Site. You consent to our tracking of your video viewing through the Site or third party social media for up to two years or as permitted by applicable law.
Location Information. When you download or use the KBB Sites, we may collect physical location information that is sufficiently precise to allow us to locate a specific person or device ("Location Information"). We only collect Location Information with your permission (e.g., such as when you agree to provide it to us after you initially access or download the KBB Sites).  We may use Location Information and provide it to third parties to provide you with content and services that are relevant to a particular location, such as advertising, search results, dealers in the area, and directions.
Publicly Posted Information. Information that you make available to us and others via social media networks, forums, blogs, list serves, chat rooms or similar functionality is public information that we or others may share or use in accordance with the law.
Combined Information and Information from Other Sources. We may combine information that you provide to us, directly or indirectly, through our affiliates and other sources, and also with other information that is automatically collected.  The combined information may include information about your use of the KBB Sites, your use of other websites, devices and mobile applications and information from our affiliates and other sources.

How We May Use the Information We Collect

    We may use information we collect for the following purposes:
    
for everyday business purposes, such as establishing and managing your user account, providing products and services you request, processing and collecting payments and providing customer support;
to create listings and advertisements for any cars and other vehicles that you list for sale with us.  These lists and advertisements may appear on the KBB Sites and other websites, mobile applications or services of third parties;
to provide values and/or offers for cars that you would like to sell or trade in;
to offer our other products or services and/or the products or services of others to you;
to communicate about, and administer your participation in, special events, programs, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other offers or promotions;
to enable you to interact with KBB and our users, dealers, manufacturers and others through various means, such as through our message boards, blogs and social media;
to evaluate and improve our business, including developing new products and services and analyzing the effectiveness of products, services, applications and websites; 
to diagnose and address technical and service problems;
to perform data analyses, including market and consumer research, trend analysis, demographic analysis and financial analysis; 
to deliver content (including advertising) correlating to your interests and browsing and usage history, both within the KBB Sites and on other websites and applications;
to comply with applicable legal requirements and our policies; and 
to contact you via telephone, text or chat.  We will obtain your consent to contact you when and in the manner required by law.



Applications, Widgets and Social Media
We may include applications or widgets from social media providers that allow interaction or content sharing by their users.  These widgets, such as a Facebook "Share" or "Like" button, are visible to you on the web page you visit.  Integration between the KBB Sites and social media networks such as Facebook, Twitter and others may allow social media networks in which you participate to collect information about you, even when you do not explicitly activate the network’s application or widget.  Please visit the applicable social media network’s privacy policy to better understand their data collection practices and choices they make available to you.  The privacy policy of the social media network controls the collection, use and disclosure of all personal information transmitted to that network.

Advertising Networks
Advertising that is customized based on predictions generated over time from your visits across different websites, devices and mobile applications is sometimes called "online behavioral" or "interest-based" advertising.  We may partner with advertising networks, which are companies that deliver targeted advertisements to consumers and generate statistics and metrics related to the delivery of interest-based advertisements.  They may utilize information collected through a variety of Data Technologies to provide customization, auditing, research and reporting for us, our affiliates and other advertisers.  This data collection takes place both on the KBB Sites and on third-party’s websites and mobile applications.  This process allows KBB and third parties to deliver targeted advertising, enhance marketing programs and help track the effectiveness of such efforts.  Our advertising networks also may use this information for determining or predicting the characteristics and preferences of their respective advertising audiences and measuring the effectiveness of their advertising in accordance with their privacy policies.
We do not provide information that is directly associated with a specific person (such as name and address) to an advertising network when you interact with or view a customized advertisement.  However, when you view or interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may make an assumption that you are interested in the subject matter of the advertisement.
Some companies disclose when they are using interest-based advertising programs on the KBB Sites to deliver third-party ads or collecting information about your visit for these purposes and give you the ability to opt-out of this use of your information.  You may see an icon
    
    in or around third-party advertisements on the KBB Sites that use interest-based advertising programs and on pages where data is collected and used for online interest-based advertising.  Clicking on this icon will provide additional information about the companies and data practices that were used to deliver the ad.  You can opt out of delivery of targeted advertising to you by multiple companies by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices, www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and www.ghosteryenterprise.com.  Please note that even if you opt out, you will continue to receive advertisements, but they will not be tailored to your specific interests.

Information We Share

    We do not sell or otherwise share information about you that we collect or receive, except as described below:
    
Affiliates.  We may share information about you, including personal information, with our corporate affiliates, who will use it in accordance with their privacy policies. Please visit http://www.coxautoinc.com/ for more information about our affiliates.
Our Service Providers.  We may engage third parties to provide the services offered through or in connection with the KBB Sites on our behalf.  We require such providers to maintain information about you as confidential and to use the information only to perform the services specified by us in a manner consistent with this Privacy Statement.
Co-Sponsored Promotions.  In the event that you participate in a survey, sweepstakes, contest or other promotion that is co-sponsored by KBB and a third party, we may share information collected in conjunction with the survey, sweepstakes, contest or promotion, including personal information, with that third party.  After the information is provided to those third parties, the subsequent use or disclosure of such information is subject to their privacy policies and practices.  Surveys, sweepstakes and other promotions conducted on behalf of KBB and a third party will include branding from both KBB and the third party.
Promotions on behalf of Third Parties.  Periodically, third parties may conduct surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions for their own purpose on the KBB Sites.  Information you provide in response to those activities is governed by their privacy policies.  Surveys, sweepstakes and other promotions conducted solely for the purpose of a third party will include only the third party’s branding.
Sellers, Dealers and Manufacturers. Information about you, including personal information and Data Technologies, may be shared with sellers, dealers and manufacturers, and their agents and third party service providers, who will use that information in accordance with their own privacy policies.  For example:

If you are interested in a particular listing of a car for sale, information about you may be shared with the seller of that particular car or similar cars or dealers in your area;
If you are considering trading in a car, we may provide information about you to dealers who participate in our trade-in program and other dealers in your area;
We may provide manufacturers, their agents or third party service providers, with information about you that we provided to their franchised dealers;
We may provide manufacturers, their agents or third party service providers, with information about you if you are interested in certified pre-owned vehicles; or 
We may provide manufacturers, their agents or third party service providers, and dealers with information about you when you access the KBB Sites via KBB branded advertising and/or functionality found on their websites or other third party websites.

Corporate and Asset Transactions.  If we sell all or substantially all of our business or sell or transfer all or a material part of our assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a substantial part of our business, we may transfer all information we have collected and stored, including personal information, to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.
Other.  We may access or disclose information, including personal information, to: 

protect or defend our interests and the legal rights or property of KBB and our affiliates;
protect the rights, interests, safety and security of users of the KBB Sites or members of the public;
protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or
comply with prudent legal practice as we may determine, and applicable law or legal process.




Your Choices

    You are entitled to make certain choices about how we communicate with you.
    
You may choose not to provide personal information, even though that might impact your ability to register or receive a particular product or service.
If you do not want to receive marketing email from us, you can follow the unsubscribe link provided in those emails.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, you can opt out as discussed in the "Advertising Networks" section above.
You have a number of choices regarding certain Data Technologies.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser’s setting to decline cookies if you prefer.  You may also render some web beacons unusable by rejecting their associated cookies and disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or opting out at www.ghosteryenterprise.com or the website of the technology provider.  If you choose to decline cookies or similar technologies, however, please note that certain features may not function properly or at all as a result. You may be able to adjust the use of advertising identifiers on mobile devices through the settings on your device.  Finally, if you do not want to use a uniquely generated telephone number, you may choose to not call us.
If you do not want us to use Location Information, you can decline our initial invitation to provide that information, or opt out by changing the location services settings on your mobile device.  However, please note that certain features may not function properly or at all as a result if you opt out.



Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 entitles California users to request information concerning whether a business has disclosed certain information about you to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  California users who wish to request further information in compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices and policies may contact us as specified in the "How to Contact Us" section below.
Online Tracking Policy for California Residents: As of the effective date of this Privacy Statement, there is no commonly accepted response for Do Not Track signals initiated by browsers, therefore we do not respond to them.

Access and Correction
Access to information that we collect and maintain about you may be available to you.  For example, if you created a password-protected account within the KBB Sites, you can access that account to update the information you previously provided.  Additionally, if you believe that information we maintain about you is inaccurate, subject to applicable law, you may request that we correct or amend the information by contacting us as indicated in the "How to Contact Us" section below. 

Links
The KBB Sites may contain links to websites not operated by us, as well as third party widgets and applications discussed above.  Once you leave the KBB Sites, we suggest that you review the applicable privacy policy of the third-party website or application.  We are not responsible for the content or use of any websites or applications other than on the KBB Sites or the privacy practices of those websites or applications.

Data Security
We use commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical security measures designed to safeguard information about you in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification.  Of course, despite these measures, we cannot guarantee perfect security of networks, servers and databases we operate or that are operated on our behalf.

Disputes
If you choose to visit the KBB Sites, your visit and any dispute regarding privacy is subject to this Privacy Statement and our Visitor Agreement, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of California.

Updates to this Privacy Statement
We may update this Privacy Statement to provide clarification or notice of changes to our practices.  If we make changes, we will revise the date at the top of this Privacy Statement.  We will provide you with additional notice of material changes by posting notice of the changes for thirty (30) days before we implement those changes.

How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us by email at privacy@kbb.com. 












Search:







Popular Topics
New Cars for 2016
Used Cars
Cars For Sale
Car Buying Guides
Car Awards


Car Reviews & News
Car Reviews
Car Videos
Auto Shows
Car News
Best Cars


Help
FAQ
Site Map
Find a New Car
What's My Car Worth
KBBSM Mobile


Company
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Corporate Information


Industry Relations
Advertising
Media Center
Linking Policy
Business Solutions


Follow KBB
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
YouTube
LinkedIn
RSS


Mobile Apps
iPhone®
Android™


© 1995-2015 Kelley Blue Book Co.®, Inc. All rights reserved. Copyright & Trademarks|Terms of Service|Privacy Policy|Ad Choices

 








Recently Viewed Cars


|

My Saved Cars




Save car

 




Welcome Back!
You have been signed out of My KBB








Toolbar










Yes
No




























Please tell us which vehicle page you'd like to go to.
 
 





















































 












