


AOL Privacy






AOL







Privacy Main
Privacy FAQ
Preferences
Terms of Service
Help




AOL Privacy Policy Highlights
We are committed to building, improving, and expanding some of the best brands online – or anywhere, for that matter. You can find out about our brands such as The Huffington Post, MapQuest, Engadget, AOL Advertising and more.

AOL is now part of the Verizon family of companies. Additional privacy practices are described in the Verizon Privacy Policy.  In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Verizon Privacy Policy, the AOL Privacy Policy will control when you are on an AOL site or using an AOL product or service.

This notice provides highlights of the full privacy policy which currently applies to the collection and use of information from any device used to access or connect to AOL branded websites, services, and software, as well as many websites owned by or affiliated with AOL and operating under different names. Para leer este documento en español haz clic aquí.



Information We Collect and Receive
We collect and receive information about you and your device when you give it to us directly, when you use our Services, and from certain third-party sources.


How we use your Information
The information we collect and receive is used to provide our Services, to improve our Services, and to offer effective advertising, which helps us keep most of our Services free.


Information Sharing
AOL may share your personal information in limited circumstances, including when we have your consent to do so or when sharing is necessary to protect AOL or comply with the law. Our agents and contractors may have access to your information, but only to perform services for AOL. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. We may, however, share non-personally identifiable information with select business partners. 




Internet Advertising
Our ability to provide free content and services depends on advertising. Some of our ads are displayed based on the page visited, but many of our ads are targeted to you based on your interests and other information we have about you. We want you to understand how internet advertising works and offer resources and choices. Learn more.


Your Choices

You can opt-out of the use of your data for interest-based advertising.
We offer Marketing Preferences to control how we communicate offers to you.
You can control the collection and use of search information.
Registered users can manage their accounts at My Account.
You can view your interest-based segments.
You can manage cookies using browser controls.
Individual products or services may offer additional controls or preferences.





How to Opt-Out
You can opt-out of targeted advertising delivered by the AOL Advertising Network.


How to Contact Us
AOL Privacy
22000 AOL Way
Dulles, VA 20166
privacyquestions@aol.com


What's New

The AOL Privacy Policy was updated effective 6/23/2015.
More information about our use of Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Technologies.
Updated information related to your Mobile Choices.
More information about Advertising, Analytics, and Privacy.



 
Print




AOL Inc. | Privacy | Terms of Service | About Our Ads

© 2015, AOL Inc. All rights reserved. 





