













Privacy Policy - Free Online Games at FOG.COM 
































 


Select Language 









English











中国（简体） 










中国（繁体） 










हिंदी 










日本の 










Português 










Deutsch 










Русский 










Français 










Indonesia 










한국의 










Türk 










Italiano 










Tagalo 










Español 










Việt 










Polski 










العربية 










اردو 










ภาษาไทย 










Melayu 










Український 










Nederlands 










Svenska 










Român 










Čeština 










Magyar 










עברית 










Ελληνικά 










Dansk 










Norsk 










Brasileiro 












Login or Register













Top Rated Games 







Most Played Games 









3D Games 


Adventure Games 


Defense Games 


Driving Games 


Flying Games 


Girl Games 


Multiplayer Games 


Puzzle Games 


Sports Games 


Shooting Games 


Unity Games 


More Games 



3D Games
Action Games
Adventure Games
Aiming Games
Animal Games
Arcade Games
Army Games
Bike Games
Car Games
Classic Games
Defense Games
Dress Up Games
Driving Games
Fighting Games
Flying Games
Food Games
Fun Games
Girl Games
Killing Games
Matching Games
Maze Games
Physics Games
Platform Games
Puzzle Games
Racing Games
RPG Games
Scoreboard Games
Shooting Games
Simulation Games
Space Games
Sports Games
Stickman Games
Strategy Games
Stunt Games
Survival Games
Unity Games
Upgrade Games
Urban Sports Games
War Games
Zombie Games





Privacy Policy

We want our users to always be aware of any information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

We respect each site visitor's right to personal privacy. To that end, we collect and use information throughout our website only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. This statement applies solely to information collected on this website. For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.

The information we collect is:

used to improve the content of our Web page.
used to notify visitors about updates to our Web site.
never shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.

Registration is not required to enter our site. However, subscription to certain services may require a user to complete a registration form. During registration a user must give certain contact information, but we never sell or give away this information. It is only gathered to contact the user about services on our site for which s/he has expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (income level, gender, etc.), and unique identifiers (username, password, etc.). Giving additional information helps provide a more personalized experience on our site, but is not required. We publish a newsletter, and we never sell or share our subscribers' email or mailing addresses. We operate online surveys, and we never sell or share our subscribers' email addresses. We do show advertisement to our users, which is handled by Google Adsense, FastClick, CasaleMedia.com & ValueClick.com. So any such concerns with our advertising, should be directed to them respectedly.

FreeOnlineGames.com uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email, address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, go to http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.

Furthermore:

Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement.

We are committed to resolving disputes within 24-48 hours. If problems arise, users may contact via our contact form.

If site users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us via our contact page.

For the amusement and greater good of all the gamers of FreeOnlineGames.com:
We reserve the right to alter, delete, jump on, kick, smackdown, nuke or do with the reviews whatever we please. If you have any objections with that, please refrain from posting - thank you.









 

 






13.34k
 



5.45k
 



9.44k
 








 








Log in to your account!





Username/Email 






Password 









Reset Password






Sign up for your FOG account!








Username 






Email 






Password 






Already have an account?











By signing up to FOG.com you agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy 












