











































Customer Service - OtherServices  - Privacy Policy | Eastbay

































 



                    Hi Guest, log in or register


[Log Out]

Welcome, Guest, click here to log in 
								or register.

 


                /
                1.800.826.2205













Items:
0

Subtotal:
$0.00









                    My Account / Help
                



X

My Account

Go To My Account
Register 
My Wish List
Order Status
Track an Order
Log Out 



Help

Help Menu
Contact Us
Order Information
Shipping Information
Returns & exchanges
Sizing Help
Website Comments




Eastbay Extras

Loyalty Club 
 
Free Catalog
Gift Cards



 

Catalog Quick Order
Sweepstakes
Email Sign-Up










Shop By Department
 
X



 

Gender/Age


X
Gender/Age

Men's
New Arrivals
Casual
Fan Gear
Jordan
Shoes
Shorts
Socks
T-Shirts
Sale


Women's
New Arrivals
Casual
Fan Gear
Shoes
Shorts
Socks
Sport Bras
T-Shirts
Sale


Kids'
New Arrivals
Boys'
Casual
Clothing
Fan Gear
Girls'
Jordan
Shoes
Sale



Shop All Mens


Shop All Womens 


Shop All Kids 






Shoes


X
Shoes 

Baseball Cleats
Baseball Turf & Indoor
Basketball Shoes
Boots
Casual Shoes
Cheer Shoes
Coaching Shoes
Cross Country Spikes & Flats
Field Event Shoes
Football Cleats


Golf Shoes
Insoles
Jordans
Lacrosse Cleats
Running Shoes
Sandals
Skate Shoes
Slippers
Soccer Cleats
Soccer Turf & Indoor


Softball Cleats
Tennis Shoes
Track Spikes & Flats
Training Shoes
Volleyball Shoes
Walking Shoes
Water Shoes
Wrestling Shoes
Shop All Shoes 





Clothing


X
Clothing

Button Down Shirts
Casual Clothing
Compression Clothing
Fan Gear
Hats
Henleys
Hoodies/Sweatshirts
Jackets
Jeans
Jerseys


Jordan Clothing
Mocks
Padded Clothing
Pants
Polos
Shooting Shirts
Shorts
Skirts & Dresses
Socks
Sweaters


Swimwear
Tank Tops & Singlets
Thermal Tops
T-Shirts
Shop All Clothing 





Equipment


X
Equipment

Arm Sleeves
Backpacks
Bags
Balls & Accessories
Baseball Bats
Braces & Supports
Catcher's Gear
Chin Straps
Cleat Covers
Eyeshields


Gloves
Goggles
Headbands
Helmets
Injury Prevention
Lacrosse Shafts
Mouthguards
Nutrition & Hydration
Face Masks
Protective Pads


Shinguards
Softball Bats
Strength Shoes
Sunglasses
Training Aids
Watches & Monitors
Wrestling Headgear
Wristbands
Wrist Guards
Shop All Equipment 





Training & Fitness


X
Training & Fitness

Benches
Dumbbells
Ellipticals
Exercise Balls
Exercise Bikes
Fitness Accessories
Home Gyms
Medicine Balls


Power Towers
Speed & Agility
Towels
Treadmills
Watches & Monitors
Weighted Vests
Yoga Mats & Bags
Shop Training & Fitness


 
 


Training & Fitness
Eastbay

Treadmills
Shop Now 





Sports


X
Sports

 Baseball
 Basketball
 Cheer
 Football
 Golf
 Lacrosse
 Rugby
 Running
 Soccer


 Softball
 Tennis
 Track & Field
 Training & Fitness
 Volleyball
 Walking
 Wrestling
 Cross Country
Shop All Sports 


 
 


Terrence Ross
Guard - Toronto

Basketball
Shop Now 





Brands


X
Brands

 adidas
 adidas Originals
 Asics®
 Eastbay
 Jordan
 Mitchell & Ness
 Mizuno
 New Balance
 New Era


 Nike
 Nike ACG
 Puma
 Reebok
 The North Face
 Timberland
 Under Armour
 Vans
SHOP All Brands


 
 


Jason Thompson
Forward - Sacramento

Nike
Shop Now 





Clearance


X
Clearance

Sale Baseball
Sale Basketball
Sale Football
Sale Lacrosse
Sale Running
Sale Soccer
Sale Track & Field
Sale Training
Sale Wrestling


Sale Shoes
Sale Clothing
Sale Accessories
Sale Equipment
Sale Casual
Sale Fan Gear
Sale Kids
Shop All Sale 


 
 


Sale
Eastbay Clothing

2 for $19.99
Shop Now 







Resource Center





Release Calendar





Team Sales
























Automatic Free Shipping on 25,000+ Products*
and on Orders Over $75** NO CODE REQUIRED
*Automatic Free shipping offer valid only on eligible items. Eligible items will indicate "Free Shipping" on the product description page. Items in your cart that are not eligible are subject to shipping charges. Shipping will be automatically deducted at checkout. Valid only at eastbay.com. Offer is limited to standard delivery within the 48 contiguous United States and APO/FPO addresses. Excludes bulk orders and drop ships. Entire order must ship to a single address. Does not apply to prior purchases or open orders. Customer is responsible for shipping costs on returned merchandise. May not be used toward purchase of Gift Cards or team orders. Promotion may be modified or terminated at any time. Certain restrictions and exclusions may apply. Any order that includes a new release launch item does not apply and will incur standard shipping rates.
Offer expires 9/30/2015 (11:59 pm CT).
**Order value must total
            $75 or more before services, taxes, shipping and handling. Savings are automatically applied at checkout. Valid
            online at eastbay.com. Offer is limited to standard ground delivery
            within the 48 contiguous United States and APO/FPO addresses.
            Excludes bulk orders and drop ships. Entire order must be shipped
            to a single address. Does not apply to prior purchases or open
            orders and cannot be combined with any other offer. Customer is
            responsible for shipping costs on returned merchandise. May not be
            used toward purchase of Gift Cards or team orders. Promotion may be
            modified or terminated at any time. Certain restrictions and
            exclusions may apply. Any order that includes a new release launch item does not apply and will incur standard shipping rates. Offer expires 9/30/2015 (11:59 pm CT).

             Be the First to Know! Get up-to-the-minute info on the latest product launches, special offers and sales events by signing up for Eastbay emails or by requesting our free catalog. 


















My Account
Order Information
Shipping Information
Returns and Exchanges
Gift Cards
Eastbay Loyalty Club
Other Services
Search Tips
Sport-Specific Sizing Help, Tips & Information







            	Privacy Policy
                



Last Updated August, 2015
 
Thank you for visiting our Website. We recently revised our Privacy Statement to make it easier for you to understand. This revised Statement, like our previous one, outlines the information we collect, how we may use and disclose it, and what your options are with respect to our practices. If you have any questions, please contact us at customercare@eastbay.com
 
Privacy Statement
Eastbay believes in protecting your information.  With this in mind, we have adopted this Privacy Statement, which describes the information we may collect when you use visit our websites (each a "Site"), sign up for a brand loyalty membership (each a "Loyalty Program"), or shop in our stores (each a "Store") (collectively the "Services"). By using this Site, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Statement. If you do not, please do not use the Site.  This Statement addresses:







Information Collection
Information Use


Information Disclosure
Updating Your Information


Changes to our Privacy Statement
Option to Opt-out


Children's Privacy
Security of Information


Your California Privacy Rights
Questions/Contacting Us


Links to Other Websites
Safe Harbor Certification



 
Information Collection
 

Information You Provide to Us. We only collect certain information from you when you provide it to us, such as when you: (1) register; (2) place an order; (3) complete a survey or product review; (4) participate in one of our promotions; (5) sign up for VIP, Star Club, or other Loyalty Program; or (6) contact us.  The information we collect from you may include your name, age, mailing address, daytime telephone number, cell phone number, e-mail address, account user name and password, and payment information.  If you use a third party login to register or otherwise link to us, we may receive certain information about you from the third party (such as a social network) based on your registration and privacy settings on that third party service.
Registration. We encourage you to register when shopping on our Site; however registration is not required.  Our Registration Form requires users to provide contact information (such as name, age, mailing address, daytime telephone number, cell phone number, e-mail address and password).  You must be 13 years of age or older to register. Registration helps us to provide you with a quick and simple checkout experience.  The customer contact information you provide will be used to contact you concerning the status of an order, answer your questions and, unless you choose to opt-out, to send you communications about upcoming sales, contests, promotions and product information.  You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your registration information and password.  You are responsible for all use of the Site under your registered account.  If you would like, you can also fill out a customer profile.  While it is not required, information obtained from the customer profile questions helps us to learn more about our customers and is used to improve your shopping experience and to provide you with more relevant content and advertising.
Information We Automatically Collect. We may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, or other technologies to automatically collect certain information when you use our Site, or interact with our emails or advertisements on our Site or other websites.  A cookie is a small data file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive.  For example, we may automatically collect information such as your IP address, geolocation data, unique user ID, cell phone model, operating system, and carrier, and Internet Service Provider.  We also may collect information about your use of our Services, such as the time you spend using the Site, the number of times you return, whether you click-through, open, or forward links, emails, and ads, and other Site usage data.  These technologies, such as cookies, allow us to keep track of your order as you shop on our Site, recognize registered users when they visit, and to provide those customers with information and advertising that is more relevant to them.   If you register with or order from us, we may use cookies to monitor and maintain information about how you use our Site and what you buy.  If you do not register with or buy from us, we may monitor and maintain information about your use in order to improve your shopping experience and provide you with more relevant content and advertising.
Tracking Options. You may adjust your browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the Site or take full advantage of our offerings.   Even without a cookie, you can still take advantage of most of the features of our Site, including making a purchase, but we will not be able to recognize you as a registered user unless you log in. Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers. To opt-out of Eastbay’s use of cookies to deliver more relevant advertising and to learn about your choices about not having this information used by certain service providers, please click here. On your mobile device, you can adjust your privacy and advertising settings to limit your tracking for advertising or control whether you receive more relevant advertising. 
Information Collected From Other Sources. We may obtain information about you from other sources, including social networks that you use to connect with us.  This information may include name, user name, demographic information, updated address or contact information, interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and online activity.
Combination of Information. We may also combine the information we receive from and about you, including the information you provide to us on the Site or through the Loyalty Program, information we receive from third parties, information we automatically collect (as explained above), and information provided or collected offline when you shop in our Stores.

 
Information UseWe may use the information we collect from and about you for the following purposes:

To provide you with a quick and simple checkout experience;
To process your orders, contact you concerning the status of an order, answer any of your questions, or otherwise contact and communicate with you;
To provide you with customized content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Site, other websites or via text message, and to contact you about upcoming Eastbay sales, promotions, and product information;
To allow you to participate in promotions;
To help us learn more about our Site visitors, Loyalty Program members, and customers and to improve their shopping experience and our business;
To address problems with the Site, our business or our products and services and to protect the security of the Site and our business;
To contact you about upcoming promotions and offers on behalf of our partners; and
Otherwise, as described to you at the point of collection.

Information DisclosureWe may disclose the information we collect from and about you as follows:

Among the Foot Locker family of companies including Foot Locker, Lady Foot Locker, Kids Foot Locker, Footaction, Final-Score, Champs Sports, Eastbay, and SIX:02. 
To our service providers, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for us.
To carefully-selected third party partners, so that they may inform you of offers, promotions and services.
For payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, website evaluation and data analysis, and distributing marketing and promotional material
To comply with the law, to respond to governmental inquiries or requests, to enforce our policies, or to protect our or others' rights, property, or safety.
Otherwise, with your consent.

Any personal information or content that you voluntarily upload or submit for public posting to the Site becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others.  It is a violation of the Site's  Terms of Use for you to post any content that requests personally identifiable information from others on the Site.
As with any business, it is possible that as our business develops, we might sell or buy online stores or other assets.  In such transactions, information about customers often is among the transferred assets.  Accordingly, in the unlikely event that our company or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, such information may be one of the transferred assets.  Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personal information provided through the Services in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement.
We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about Site users with third parties.
 
Updating Your InformationPlease note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating the personal information you provide to us.  If you have registered with us or participate in a Loyalty Program, you may update your personal information through your registered account or Loyalty Program account.  If you elect to delete some or all of your personal information, keep in mind that we may retain transactional data in accordance with various laws, regulations and our Company's retention policy.
 
Changes To Our Privacy StatementWe may amend this Privacy Statement at any time.  If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail at the last e-mail address that you provided us, and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Site .  Any material changes to this Privacy Statement will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our transmittal of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of the notice of changes.
 
Option To Opt-outAt all times, you have the option of "opting out" of receiving future e-mail marketing updates by sending us an    e-mail with "unsubscribe" in the subject line at customercare@eastbay.com. Even if you opt out, you may continue to receive non-marketing e-mail messages from us, including, for example, order confirmations.
If you previously registered for a text messaging campaign and now want to opt out, text "STOP" to the short code / number for the program that you've signed up for.
 
Children's PrivacyWe do not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults.  We do not direct the Website to, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information from, children under the age of thirteen.  You must be 13 years of age or older to submit personal information to us, including to register or place an order on the Website or participate in one of our online promotions. Please see our Terms of Use for additional information regarding the use of this Website.
 
Security Of InformationEastbay has implemented certain physical, administrative, and technical security measures to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of the information you provide.  We encrypt your personal information, including your credit card number, when transmitting over the Internet using triple key encryption technology by Secure Server Certification Authority RSA Data Security Inc. US and a VeriSign SSL (Secure Socket Layer), to safeguard your Internet transactions.
Browsers that allow for SSL Technology Ordering from our Website require the use of an SSL-compliant browser, such as Netscape 4.0 or later; Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 or later; 5.0 AOL client for PCs; or the 5.0 AOL client for Macs. You will not be able to use 'secure mode' if you have an older version of an Internet browser that does not support secure transactions, or if your computer is located on a local area network (LAN) that uses a firewall that prohibits secure transactions. If 'secure mode' is not possible, please select one of our off-line options to place your order.
 
Your California Privacy RightsEastbay may share your personal information with affiliated third parties such as the Foot Locker family of companies, some of which do not share the Eastbay name, for their direct marketing purposes.  This category of affiliate is considered an unaffiliated party under California law and, if you are a California resident, you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please contact us as directed below.
Questions/Contacting UsShould you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or our data handling practices you may contact our Privacy Administrator by e-mail at customercare@eastbay.com; or by writing to us at:
Attn:  Privacy AdministratorFootlocker.com, Inc.PO Box 8066111 South 1st AvenueWausau, WI 54402-8066
 
Links To Other WebsitesThis Site contains links to other sites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the Privacy Statement posted on any website that you access through this Site. The terms and conditions herein do not apply to any such linked websites. Eastbay does not endorse any linked websites, or the information, materials, products or services that are contained in or accessible through such linked websites. Foot Locker disclaims all warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information, materials, products and services that are contained in or accessible through linked websites, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.
You acknowledge and agree that Eastbay is not responsible for the content, accuracy, legality, decency, copyright compliance, privacy practices, security or any other aspects of any such linked websites, and that the access or use of any such linked websites is solely at your own risk, and you hereby waive any and all claims against Eastbay with respect to such linked websites.
 
Safe Harbor CertificationEastbay adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Framework as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce in coordination with the European Commission. If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with the Safe Harbor, you should contact us at: counsel@footlocker.com.









Get Connected













Most Popular

Fielder's Choice
Final Score
Wish List
Preparation Nation
Eastbay Events
Eastbay Blog



Eastbay Extras

Fit Promise Guarantee
 
Loyalty Club 
Gift Cards
Sweepstakes
Career Opportunities




Let Us Help

Track an Order
Return Policy
Ordering Help
Contact Us
My Account
Send Us Feedback



Free Catalog



                        Request Yours Today!





© 2015 Eastbay Inc., All Rights Reserved. Prices Subject to Change Without Notice.



Corporate Sponsors
Company Information
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Use
Sitemap
Affiliates






                view mobile site
            























































































