

Ask Jeeves - Privacy Policy























            Ask Jeeves Privacy Policy
        

Back to About Home



Last updated: 1 June, 2015


            At Ask, we respect your privacy, and we understand the importance of the information you entrust to us.  This Privacy Policy describes our practices concerning the information collected by the Ask family of companies consisting of IAC Search & Media Europe, Ltd., APN, LLC and Mindspark Interactive Network, Inc.  ("Ask", "we", "us", "our") through the use of (i) this website (the "Website") and (ii) "Search Applications," made available by means of a search box on an application or site from which you can access our search services, specifically provided by APN, LLC and/or Mindspark Interactive Network, Inc.(collectively the "Services").
 Below we describe what information we collect when you use our Services, how we protect that information, how long we retain it, with whom we share it, and what your privacy options are.  By using the Services, you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. 
 We will continue to evaluate this Privacy Policy against new technologies, business practices, and our users’ needs, and may make changes to the Privacy Policy accordingly.  Please check this page periodically for updates.  If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy here, along with its effective date, and notify you by email or by means of a notice on our Website.  Your continued use of the Services after our posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means that you agree to be bound by such changes.
        
What information do we collect about you?

            We explain below the main ways that we collect and process information about you.
        
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US: 
Your use of the Services may require registration, in which case we will ask you to provide certain personal information, including an email address, username, and password.  You may also decide to provide us with some optional demographic information to enhance your profile, such as your country of residence, home address, education, interests, and communications preferences.  
You may also provide personal information to us, if you choose to:

sign up to receive our "Question of the Day" or any similar service or request to receive certain other communications from us; 
submit a help request, a customer services inquiry or other inquiry to us, or fill in any other forms for the purposes of receiving our Services; 
participate in some of the features accessible via the Services (for example, message boards, chat groups, social networking, games, surveys, polls, promotions, contests, or sweepstakes); 
contact us about employment opportunities posted to the Services; or
otherwise use the Services in a manner that you have requested.


            Depending on which of these or any other Services you use, the personal information you provide may include your name, email address, user name, home address, telephone number, information posted by you on sites accessed via the Services.   Also, if you choose to login to a product or feature accessed through a Search Application via a social networking site, you are granting us permission to access and use information about you provided by the social network.  For example, if you use a social network feature to login to a product accessed through a Search Application, per such social network&apos;s policies, they may provide us access to your and your friends' names, pictures, genders, user Ids, connections and any content shared using an "Everyone" or similar privacy setting. Please be aware, that by posting information to message boards, chat groups or social networking facilities available via the Services, you will be making this information available to other users of these Services to the public.  You should be careful about revealing any sensitive details about yourself.
        

INFORMATION WE COLLECT WHEN YOU USE THE SERVICES:

            When you use the Services, we automatically collect and store certain information about your computer or device and your activities, including:
        

IP address of your computer
 	Technical information about your computer or mobile device such as type of device, unique mobile device ID number, web browser (Internet Explorer 8, etc.), other browser information (e.g. size, connection speed and connection type), and operating system or platform (Mac, Windows XP, etc.) 
 	Your preferences and settings (time zone, language, etc.) 
 	Internet provider or mobile carrier name 
 	The URL of the last webpage you visited before visiting the Website     
 	Information about your activity on the Services (e.g., your search queries, mis-formatted DNS entries, search results selected, clicks, pages viewed, search history, comments);  
    If you are using a mobile device, your mobile device's geographic location (specific geographic location if you've enabled collection of that information, or general geographic location automatically).  Please see the section "About Location Information" below for further information. 
    If you installed a Search Application, we may also collect information about that Search Application (e.g. the specific release date and distribution source of your Search Application, a unique Search Application ID, Search Application partner ID, the ads you click on, and information contained in error log files or cookies, aggregate query or click data and erroneous domain name system requests).  



            We also use cookies and similar technologies (such as local stored objects) to collect and store information.  Please see our Cookies Policy for further information about our use of these technologies.
        

            Major browsers provide users with various options when it comes to cookies.  Users can usually set their browsers to block all third-party cookies (which are those set by third-party companies collecting information on websites operated by other companies), block all cookies (including first-party cookies such as the ones Ask uses to collect search activity information about its users), or block specific cookies.  To modify your cookie settings, please refer to the following support pages for each browser you use to access the Website:
        

Internet Explorer help: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows7/how-to-manage-cookies-in-internet-explorer-9 
Firefox help: http://kb.mozillazine.org/Cookies#Firefox  
Safari help: http://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042  
Chrome help: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer;=95647] 

How do we use the information we collect?
We use the information we collect from and about you for a variety of purposes, including to:   

	verify your eligibility for our Services;   
	respond to your queries with the best possible answers and search results;   
	understand our users (their demographics, what they do on our Services, what features they like, how they use them etc.) and improve our Services, such as by personalising content to your interests and process and complete your transactions;  
	administer our Services, diagnose technical problems and otherwise manage our business; 
	distinguish your Search Application for purposes of compensating third parties who distributed the Search Application on our behalf and to analyse retention and usage per distribution partner or channel;    
	send you communications that you have requested or that may be of interest to you in accordance with your preferences.  Please see 'How to delete, access or edit your personal information' for further information about how you can control these communications; 
	send you questions from other users that you may be able to answer if you have registered with our Services;  
	deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes or otherwise facilitate the use of our Services; 
	provide you with customer support;  
	enable us to show you ads that are more relevant to you; and   
	perform functions as otherwise described at the time of collection.   


            We may also generate, use and disclose aggregated and/or anonymised information and statistics about your use of the Services to third parties for marketing, analytical and strategic purposes. However, no user of our Services will be individually identifiable from the aggregated and/or anonymised information and statistics.
        

            About Location Information
        

            When you use one of our location-enabled services (for example, when you access Services from a mobile device), we may need to collect and process information about your actual GPS location (including the latitude, longitude or altitude of your mobile device) and the time the location information was recorded.  Some of these services require your personal data for the feature to work and we may associate location data with your device ID and other information we hold about you.  We keep this data for no longer than is reasonably necessary for providing our services.  If you wish to use the particular feature, you will be asked to consent to your data being used for this purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time by disabling the relevant feature.  We have explained how you can disable the collection of Mobile Device Location Information below:
        

            How to Disable the Collection of Mobile Device Location Information.
        

            If you do not want your location information collected when you use the Services from a mobile device, please follow these instructions:
        

	If you are using an Apple device, click on "General," then "Reset," then "Reset Location and Privacy."  This will turn off location functionality for all of your apps so that the next time you download or use an app, you will be asked again to provide your consent for us and others to access your location information. 
	If you are using an Android device, visit device settings, click "Location," and then click the boxes for the particular applications for which you would like to disable location services.   
	If your device changes the above methods of disabling the collection of mobile device location, please contact your device manufacturer or platform provider to determine how to disable the collection of this information.  


            How do we share the information we collect?
        


            We will not share the personal information we collect about you with any third party for their own marketing purposes without your consent.  We will share your information in the following ways:
        

 Our suppliers, subcontractors and business partners ("service providers"): We may share your data with our services providers who process your personal information to provide services to us or on our behalf.  We have contracts with our service providers that prohibit them from sharing the information about you that they collect or that we provide to them with anyone else, or using it for other purposes. 
 Companies within the IAC Group of Companies:  We may share your information with our affiliates, which are entities under common ownership or control of our ultimate parent company, IAC Corp. 
 Our Search Application partners:  If you have installed a Search Application, our Search Application partners may collect / receive information about you including the queries you submit via the Services, the Search Application functionality and / or website, the version of your Search Application or your browser settings, the search results and ads you click on, and the address of the web pages you previously visited.  
 Fraud prevention:  We may disclose the personal information we collect about our users when we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or respond to suspected illegal or fraudulent activity or to protect the safety, rights, or property of us, our users, or others. 
 Law enforcement purposes:  : If requested or required by government authorities, such as law enforcement authorities, courts, or regulators, or otherwise to comply with the law, we may disclose any information we have about our users. We also may disclose information collected about you in order to exercise or protect legal rights or defend against legal claims.  
 Sale or merger of our business:  We may transfer your personal information to a third party if we or any of our affiliates are involved in a corporate restructuring (e.g., a sale, merger, or other transfer of assets).  
 Advertisers and advertising networks:  Advertisers and advertising networks place ads (including sponsored links in search results) on our site and in our mobile applications. These companies may collect information, such as your computer's IP address, browser information, mobile device ID, and search queries, as you use our Website and Services.  They also may use cookies and other technologies to collect this information when you visit our site. Please see our Cookies Policy for further information. 

How do we keep the information we collect secure?
We take the security of your personal information seriously and use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal information against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.  We also limit access to personal information about you to employees who reasonably need access to it to provide products or services to you, or in order to do their jobs.  However, because no security system can be 100% effective, we cannot completely guarantee the security of any information we may have collected from or about you.   
 How long do we keep the information we collect? 
We retain the information we collect about and from you for as long as necessary to fulfil a business purpose or comply with a legal request.  We may also choose to anonymise certain of the information you provide to us so that it can no longer be attributed to you if we would like to retain it for longer periods of time.  
Children under 13 
The Services are not intended for users under the age of 13.  We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13.  If we become aware that a person submitting information is under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible.  You hereby represent that you are at least 13.   
Notice and Consent to Transfer of Information
Information we collect may be transferred to, stored and processed in any country or territory where one or more of our affiliated group companies or third party service providers are located or maintain facilities, including but not limited to the United States and Ireland. While other territories may not have the same standards of data protection as those within your home country, we will continue to protect the personal information we transfer in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By using our Services, you consent to the transfer of your personal data as described in this Privacy Policy.
Our immediate parent company, IAC Search and Media, Inc.( “Ask US"),complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbour Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbour Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Ask US  has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles with respect to personal information transferred to it in the U.S from EU/EEA websites.

            To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Ask's certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/

 How to edit, delete or access your personal information  
You have the right to ask for a copy of any personal information that we hold about you in our records, to correct any inaccuracies and to update any out-of-date information. You can also ask us not to send you direct marketing communications (however please note that we may continue to send you service related (i.e. non-marketing) communications).  If you wish to exercise any of these rights, or wish to object to our use of your personal information, please write to us at the address listed below. 
Please note that in some countries we may be permitted to charge a fee specified by law for providing you with copies of personal information we may hold about you.  
Requests to Remove Search Results Pursuant to European Court of Justice Ruling
Following a recent ruling by the Court of Justice of the European Union (ECJ), users of our web search and reference services operated by Ask who are EU residents may request that certain results do not appear following a web search for the user’s name.
If you would like to request the removal of a search result generated using your name as the search term, please send your request in writing to the address below. To assist us in processing your request in timely manner, please make your request in English if you are able to do so. Your request should include any information relevant to your request, including, without limitation: (i) your name, email and postal address; (ii) the URL (i.e., “web address”) for each link that you are requesting to be removed; (iii) a brief explanation of why you believe such results should be removed; and (iv) an explanation as to why the contents of the link you wish to have removed relate to you. 
To help us prevent fraudulent removal requests, please also include a legible copy of a document that verifies your identity. You need not provide a government-issued document; a utility bill or similar mailing will suffice. You may also obscure parts of the document such as identifying numbers so long as the document continues to clearly identify you. If you are requesting the removal of search results that contain photographs of you, please ensure that the identifying document includes your photograph. If you are making the request on behalf of another person, please indicate your relationship to that person and provide evidence of your authority to make such request. All requests for removal will be reviewed by Ask.com’s legal and compliance team and we reserve the right, in compliance with applicable laws, to accept or reject, or make further inquiries regarding, any requests. 
 Contact us   
        If you have any question about our privacy practices for Ask (whose personal data is controlled by IAC Search and Media Europe Limited) or the Search Application Services provided by APN, LLC and  Mindspark Interactive Network, Inc (whose personal data is controlled by those respective entities), or if you would like to review or update the personal information we have collected about you, you can contact us via e-mail by clicking here or writing to our Privacy Officer at:
        
            Ask  
            Attn: Privacy Officer  
            Unit 1, College Business & Technology Park, Blanchardstown North Road,     
            Dublin 15, Ireland    





About
-
Privacy
-
Popular Questions
-
About P.G Wodehouse
©2014 IAC Search & Media



