























Privacy policy












Password Manager


Autofill


Digital Wallet


Security


For Teams


Free v. Premium


Get Dashlane - It's FREEDownload
















Our Blog


Videos


Help



Log In









Privacy




                	We built Dashlane with the clear understanding that your personal data is private and that it should not be accessible to anyone, not even us. Here is what that means:
                    

Every bit of personal data you enter and store in Dashlane is completely unreadable to us, because it is encrypted with AES-256, and the encryption key is derived from your Master Password which is COMPLETELY UNKNOWN TO US.
If sync is enabled on your account, ONLY your encrypted data is transmitted to us to allow syncing. This synced encrypted data that we have cannot be directly linked back to any user, and is never shared. If you disable sync, your encrypted data is only stored on your device, and the data that was previously synced to our servers is destroyed.
The only personal information we have on you is your email address, and your mobile phone number if you chose to give it to us for security purposes when you created your account. We use this to communicate with you about your account. This information will NEVER be shared unless you explicitly ask for it.
We collect technical and usage data to analyze how our product performs for you, and for us to improve the quality of Dashlane. This data is is completely anonymized except for gender, birth year and zip code, and cannot IN ANY WAY be linked to your individual personal information – not even the email address you registered with us.



Privacy Policy








Get Dashlane - It's FREE






Product

Password Manager
Password Changer NEW!
Password Generator
Autofill
Digital Wallet
Security
For Teams
Free v. Premium
Privacy
Terms
Release Notes
Download





Support

Help Center



Company

About us
Partnerships
Press
Jobs
Affiliates
Resellers





Community

Our Blog
Facebook
Twitter
Google+



Languages

English
Français
Español






Tweets by @dashlane
See all

















ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES













        
        © 2015 Dashlane, Inc
		Dashlane has permission to use or has licensed the logos on our site.

    
Apple, the Apple logo, iPad, iPhone, iPod touch, and Mac are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
Back to top











