



About the Website Privacy Policy | The Nature Conservancy




































Start receiving our award-winning magazine today!
Subscribe
















Magazine
Newsroom
Blogs










Search: 


Donate Now






Where We Work




Worldwide

Africa
Australia
Asia & the Pacific Islands
Caribbean
Central America
North America
South America
Europe



United States

Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky


Louisiana
Maine
Maryland/DC
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota


Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






How We Work





Who We Work With
We pursue pragmatic, market-based solutions to conservation challenges.



Why We're Effective
Our methods make for efficient conservation work.



Get Involved
We can't do our work without you!




Habitats

Rivers and Lakes
Oceans and Coasts
Forests
Grasslands and Prairies
Deserts and Aridlands



Urgent Issues

Conservation Action
Climate Change
Water
Rainforests
Coral Reefs
Migratory Birds
Land Conservation
People and Conservation
Smart Development
Global Agriculture
Energy






Science in Action





SNAP
The intersection of nature conservation, economic development and human well-being.



Smart Birding Apps
Which one is right for you?



10 Refuges To Explore
Top picks for world-class nature experiences.




Leading with Science

Signature Science
NatureNet Fellows
Conservancy Science& Dow

Cool Green Science


Our Scientists

Latest Research
Science Council



Conservation by Design
Science Features
Conservation Gateway





Membership & Giving





Adopt an Acre
Help protect the most beautiful places on Earth.



Gift Memberships
Give a personalized gift that protects critical places.



Renew Now
We can't continue our work without you.




Donation

Donate Now
Monthly Giving
Gift Ideas
Alternate Ways to Pay



Membership

Become a Member
Renew Membership
Gift Memberships
Membership Benefits
Special Memberships



More Ways to Give

Tribute & Honor Giving
Gift & Estate Planning
Gifts of Stock
Employer Giving
Everyday Ways to Help
Birthday Ecards
Personal Fundraising






Photos & Videos





Behind the Lens
Go behind the lens with our professional photographers.



Our Challenge
Learn how The Nature Conservancy works to balance the needs of a growing population with those of nature.



Thanks to You
Without you, none of our work would be possible!




Photography

Natural Light
Photo of the Month Desktop Wallpaper
Featured Image Desktop Wallpaper
Facebook Timeline Photos
Mobile Wallpaper
Nature Ecards
Photo Contest
Share Your Photos



Public Service Advertisements


Video

Featured Videos
Our Work
About Us
Our Successes
Behind the Lens






About Us





Magazine
Our award-winning publication covers the best of our work. 



Our Accountability
Learn about our financials, charity ratings, and all that we've accomplished.



Get Involved
We can't do our work without you!




Vision and Mission

Our History
Our Values
Testimonials

Our Governance
Our Accountability

Annual Report & Financials
Our Charity Ratings
Charitable Solicitation Disclosures



Why We're Effective
Private Lands Conservation
Working with Companies
Working with Leaders
Our Partners in Conservation


Careers

GLOBE Internship Program 
LEAF Internships for Urban Youth

Diversity & Inclusion
Contact Us
Social Media
Volunteer














About Us
Vision and Mission
Our Governance
Board of Directors
Trustees
Executive Team
Latin America Conservation Council
Investment Policy
Ethics and Compliance
Terms of Use
Our Accountability
Why We're Effective
Private Lands Conservation
Working with Companies
Working with Leaders
Our Partners in Conservation
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
Youth Programs
Contact Us
Social Media
Volunteer: Connect with Nature
Visit a Preserve
Where We Work
How We Work
Science in Action
Membership & Giving
Photos & Video
Nature Conservancy Magazine
News & Features
Gift and Estate Planning
Green Living
Member Care





Home > 
      About Us > 
        Our Governance > 
        
        About the Website Privacy Policy




About Us
Privacy Statement



Field being planted with native seeds in an effort to revegetate and connect a 620 mile swath of native bushland in the Gondwana Link land of south Western Australia. One of the goals of the Gondwana Link Project has long been to restore native vegetation to previously cleared lands.  Photograph taken for The Nature Conservancy's Design For A Living World project, exhibit and book. © Ami Vitale






By visiting the Website, you are accepting the policies described in this Privacy Policy.




Story Highlights




The Nature Conservancy Website Privacy Policy Download printable version (.pdf)    Last updated: December 16, 2013 The Nature Conservancy (the “Conservancy”) takes your privacy very seriously. This Privacy Policy applies to the following sites: www.nature.org (and each sub-domain associated with this URL) and other websites owned and/or operated by or for the Conservancy, including mobile sites (collectively, the "Sites"). By visiting the Sites, you are accepting the policies described in this Privacy Policy.   If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you are not permitted to use the Sites. The Conservancy may revise this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically. Your continued use of the Sites after changes have been posted will constitute your acceptance of such changes. What information we collect:  The Nature Conservancy may ask for and collect from you personally identifiable information at various points throughout the site.  Depending on the information and/or services you request, you may be asked to provide your name, email address, address, phone number, payment details, and similar information.  Once you provide your personal information, you are not anonymous to The Nature Conservancy. Credit Card Information:  If you choose to provide your credit card information to the Nature Conservancy we will use that information for the purposes for which it was provided. How The Nature Conservancy uses your information:  The Nature Conservancy may use your information: To      process and respond to inquiries and for the purposes for which you      provided the information, such as to process donations, register or renew      you as a member, purchase merchandise, or receive information about a      project.To      personalize the content and improve the navigability of the Website.To      alert you to new projects, site features, special events and services.To      conduct surveys to measure your satisfaction with our service.To      enforce our Terms of Use. The Nature Conservancy processes your information on servers located in the United States. Who The Nature Conservancy shares the information with:  Subject to your right to opt-out (discussed later in this policy), The Nature Conservancy may share your name and postal address (but not your email address) with organizations that offer products or services that we believe may interest you.  The Nature Conservancy may also share your information with third parties in the following situations (i) to complete your request, e.g. providing information about a project, product, or service; (ii) to outsource one or more of the functions described above; or (iii) to share your information with the authorities in response to a legal order or official request, or when we believe you have acted in violation of our Terms of Use.     Where and when The Nature Conservancy collects information on the Website:  In addition to the information you knowingly provide, The Nature Conservancy also collects the domain names and IP addresses used by people that visit us, as well as site usage statistics such as web browser types and page requests. This data is not usually personally identifiable, and is used to more efficiently operate The Nature Conservancy’s business, prepare for network load demands, promote our organization and administer the Website.  How we collect information:  In addition to the information gathered as described above, there is a technology called "cookies" that can be used to provide you with tailored information from a website.  A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then – depending on your web browser’s settings – store it on your system.  For example, some pages on the Website use cookies so that The Nature Conservancy can better serve you when you return to the Website.  Depending on the type of browser you use, you can probably set it to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to accept or reject it.  However, please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from taking advantage of certain features on the Website. Please note that our system may not respond to some or all Do Not Track requests. How we protect information:  The Nature Conservancy has taken certain physical, administrative and technical steps to safeguard customer information which may include but are not limited to password restricted access to personal information and encrypting data where applicable. We take efforts to help ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of customer information; however, no transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Children: This Website is not directed toward children under 13 years of age nor does The Nature Conservancy knowingly collect information from children under 13.  If you are under 13, please do not submit any personally identifiable information to The Nature Conservancy. Choice:  The Nature Conservancy may share your name and postal address with organizations that offer products and services that we believe may interest you.  You have the right to opt-out of such information sharing.  The Nature Conservancy may also use your personal information to send you surveys or email messages about Nature Conservancy projects, events, and services.  You may also choose to opt-out of receiving email and information from The Nature Conservancy. Finally, you may choose to de-activate your Nature Conservancy membership.  To opt-out or change your preferences at any time, Click here to send an email to request deactivation of your membership or to make any other change.  If you prefer, you may opt-out by calling our Member Care Team toll-free at (800) 628-6860 Monday through Friday between 9:00 am and 5:00 pm Eastern Time. Your California Privacy Rights:  If you are a California resident, you are entitled by law to request an Information Sharing Disclosure.  If you provide notice to the address below, we will provide you with a notice of your right to prevent sharing of your personal information as well as a cost-free means of doing so.  To receive such a notice, submit a written request to the address listed in the Access section below, specifying that you seek your "California Customer Choice Notice."  Please allow thirty days for a response. Access:  If you would like us to update your contact information or any other part of your membership file, please call our Member Care Team toll-free at (800) 628-6860 Monday through Friday between 9:00 am and 5:00pm Eastern Time, contact us online or write us at: Attn:  Member Care Team  The Nature Conservancy  4245 N. Fairfax Drive  Suite 100  Arlington, VA  22203 USA Links:   The Website contains links to third-party websites.  The Nature Conservancy is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.     Emails:  This privacy policy applies to the Website and is inapplicable to information that you may send to The Nature Conservancy by email or other means of communication.  We may retain your emails or other communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. Contacts:  If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us online to send us an email or call our Member Care Team toll-free at 1 (800) 628-6860 Monday through Friday between 9:00 am and 5:00pm Eastern Time.





Donate to The Nature Conservancy
When you donate today, you’ll help The Nature Conservancy protect the most vital habitats on Earth.
Donate Now













Featured Articles



Give a Gift Membership
With this gift of nature, Nature Conservancy magazine arrives all year long. Join






Adopt an Acre
One acre at a time can make a big difference for our landscapes! Adopt






Help Conserve Water
Everyday tips for how you can save water, our most precious resource. Read Our Tips
















Sign Up for Nature e-News











Get our email updates filled with eco-tips and info on the places you care about most.










We’re Accountable
The Nature Conservancy makes careful use of your support.
More Ratings








Find Us On...
Facebook
Twitter
Flickr
Google Plus
Linked In
Instagram
WeChat



Where We Work

Worldwide
Africa
Asia & the Pacific
Caribbean
Central America
Europe
North America
South America


How We Work

Habitats
Urgent Issues


Science in Action

Conservation by Design
Our Scientists
Science Council
Science Features
Conservation Gateway


Membership & Giving

Donate Now
Monthly Giving
Become a Member
Renew Membership
Log In
Gift & Estate Planning
Tribute & Honor Giving
Gift Memberships
Gift Ideas
Birthday Ecards


Photos & Video

Photography
Video
Public Service Advertisements


About Us

Vision & Mission
Our Governance
Our Accountability
Why We're Effective
Working with Companies
Our Partners in Conservation
Careers
Diversity
Social Media
Volunteer




Contact Us   |   
Help/FAQs   |   
Provide Feedback   |   
Newsroom   |   
Green Living   |   
Advertise with Us






Our Family of Sites

Across the Globe
					
Australia: English
Brazil: Portugues
China: 简体中文
Hong Kong: 繁體中文 | English
Indonesia: Indonesian | English
Latin America: Español


More Sites
					
Adopt an Acre
Blogs
Carbon Calculator
Climate Wizard
Conservation Gateway
Nature Conservancy Magazine
Nature Rocks
Nature Works Everywhere
Plant a Billion Trees
Science for Nature & People
Use Your Outside Voice





Copyright © 2015 The Nature Conservancy. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Charitable Solicitation Disclosures
The Nature Conservancy is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization (tax identification number 53-0242652) under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code. Donations are tax-deductible as allowed by law.











   
x






Sign up for Nature eNews!
Sign Up for Nature e-News
Learn about the places you love. Find outhow you can help.



Thank you for joining our online community!
We’ll be in touch soon with more Nature Conservancy news, updates and exciting stories.


First 
Last 
Email 
State 

AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY
AS
FM
GU
MH
MP
PR
PW
VI
AA
AE
AP
AB
BC
MB
NB
NL
NS
NT
NU
ON
PE
QC
SK
YT
None
 
 











Spam Control Text: Please leave this field empty


I'm already on the list!
Read our privacy policy.






