














Flickr - Photo Sharing!

















































Explore

Recent Photos
The Commons
20under20
Galleries
World Map
App Garden
Camera Finder
The Weekly Flickr
Flickr Blog



Create




Upload













Sign In


Sign Up




Explore
Recent Photos
The Commons
20under20
Galleries
The Weekly Flickr
Flickr Blog








Flickr Pro and Doublr Additional Terms of Service
Click here to review the Flickr Gift Purchaser Terms.


ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF YAHOO! INC’S ADDITIONAL TERMS OF SERVICE FOR FLICKR PRO AND DOUBLR
Welcome to the Flickr Pro or Doublr service (“Flickr Services”). The Flickr Services are only available for purchase in U.S. dollars and are offered by Yahoo! Inc.’s U.S.-based Flickr service (“Yahoo”). By using any of the Flickr Services you agree to these Additional Terms of Service (“Additional Terms”) at https://www.flickr.com/atos/services (and any successor pages). The Additional Terms supplement the Yahoo Terms of Service (“TOS”) at https://info.yahoo.com/legal/us/yahoo/utos/terms/ and the Yahoo Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) located at https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/ (and any successor pages to the TOS and Privacy Policy), both of which are incorporated by reference. You further agree to comply with the Flickr Community Guidelines (“Community Guidelines”) at https://www.flickr.com/guidelines.gne (and any successor pages), which is incorporated by reference. If there is any conflict between the terms and conditions of these Additional Terms and those in the TOS, the terms and conditions of these Additional Terms will control.
Yahoo reserves the right to update and change, from time to time, these Additional Terms and all documents incorporated by reference. You can always find the most recent version of this Additional Terms and the most recent version of the TOS, Privacy Policy, and the Community Guidelines at the URLs above.
At the end of your subscription term when you have no paid Flickr Services, your account (and all associated data) will revert back to a free Flickr account and you will be governed by the Yahoo Terms of Service and Privacy Policy you have agreed to when you registered your Yahoo account (as updated or amended), which may be different from the Yahoo Terms of Service and Privacy Policy that govern the Flickr Services.


DESCRIPTION OF THE FLICKR SERVICES
Please click this link to learn what additional features Flickr Pro provides: http://help.yahoo.com/kb/index?page=content&y=PROD_FLICKR&locale=en_US&id=SLN25499
Please click this link to learn what additional features Doublr provides: https://www.flickr.com/help/limits/#150470666.

REGISTRATION AND PARTICIPATION
To participate in the Flickr Services, you must have a valid Yahoo ID. You must provide Yahoo your credit card number, billing information and other information (“Registration Data”), which will be stored. You agree that the Registration Data is valid, and complete and you will maintain and promptly update that information to keep it valid and complete. If you do not have a Yahoo ID, you will be prompted to register for one before you can pay for a service.
You, and not Yahoo, are responsible for all purchases (including any unauthorized purchases or errors) made with your Yahoo ID. You must resolve purchase-related disputes with and promptly report unauthorized use of your credit card to your credit card company, online payment service provider, merchant, or bank. Your liability for unauthorized use of your card may be limited by your card issuer’s agreement and/or by applicable law. In addition to the uses of account information authorized by the TOS, Yahoo may access, preserve, monitor and disclose your card information in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to verify your account, to identify or resolve problems, or to respond to inquiries about any of your Flickr Services, but nothing in this section shall impose a duty on Yahoo to make any such disclosures.


PAYMENT, ACCOUNT UPDATER, FRAUD PROTECTIONS AND TERMINATION


Payment Terms
Your credit card will automatically be charged the current fee for the Flickr Service you choose on the date that you click the “Submit order” button in the ordering process. If you do not cancel the Flickr Service you ordered by the end of the current term, your credit card on file will also automatically be charged the then-current fee for that Flickr Service at the commencement of each renewal term. Fees can not be credited towards other services. Current fees are posted on Flickr at http://help.yahoo.com/kb/index?page=content&y=PROD_FLICKR&locale=en_US&id=SLN25499. All currency references are in U.S. dollars. Please note, payment for the Service is non-refundable, unless Yahoo expressly provides otherwise. To cancel the Service visit https://flickr.com/account/wallet. If you cancel you will continue to keep the service until the end of your subscription term.


Account Updater
As a convenience to its users, Yahoo may subscribe to a third party service that can attempt to refresh expired credit card or debit card numbers with the numbers of replacement cards so that users’ paid services do not lapse because the payment instrument initially on file with Yahoo has expired (“Account Updater”). By buying a Flickr Service, you consent to Yahoo’s disclosure of your registration information to this third party service and to that service’s use of such information solely in connection with Account Updater. You also consent to Yahoo’s receipt and use of updated credit card or debit card account information from your financial institution in connection with the provision of the service as provided in the TOS, these Additional Terms, the Privacy Policy, and the Community Guidelines.


Fraud Protections
To protect against fraud, Yahoo may verify the credit card information you provide. The verification process may include debiting an amount between $0.00 and $1.00 from your credit card account and then immediately crediting the same amount back to your credit card. Yahoo will only use this process to screen for fraud and will not otherwise debit your credit card account except as part of a transaction conducted through your account for the Service. By providing Yahoo with your credit card information, you authorize Yahoo to debit and credit your credit card account for an amount less than or equal to one dollar for such verification purposes.


Termination
If your credit card is invalid for any reason, your account will revert to a free Flickr account and will be subject to the limitations of a free Flickr account; provided, however, that Yahoo reserves the right to cancel your account entirely in such case, whereupon all the information and content contained within it will be deleted permanently. Yahoo accepts no liability for data that is deleted due to an invalid credit card.




AGE REQUIREMENTS
The Flickr Services are available for individuals 13 or older. If you are 13 or older but under the age of 18, you should review these terms and conditions with your parent or guardian to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand and agree to these terms and conditions.


THE FOLLOWING ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY TO FLICKR GIFT PURCHASES ONLY


ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Welcome to Flickr Gift Certificate. By purchasing a Flickr Gift Certificate, you agree to these Gift Purchaser Terms at https://www.flickr.com/gift_terms_purchaser.gne that supplement the Yahoo Terms of Service (“TOS”) at https://www.flickr.com/utos_detect.gne (and any successor pages), which are incorporated by reference.
Separate Terms of Service govern the redemption and use of the gift certificate and the use of the product by the recipient, and must be agreed by the recipient of a gift certificate prior to redemption of the gift certificate and use of the product. Those terms are at https://www.flickr.com/gift_terms_redeemer.gne, and any successor pages. Yahoo reserves the right to update and change, from time to time, these Gift Purchaser Terms and all documents incorporated by reference. You can always find the most recent version of these Gift Purchaser Terms and the most recent version of the TOS at the URLs indicated above.


DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE
Certain Flickr services allow the purchase of gift certificates, in which the cost of a subscription to that service may be given to another user as a gift. Flickr Gift Certificates can only be purchased on the Flickr site, and a particular gift certificate may only be applied toward the purchase of the Flickr service for which it is being offered.
Gift certificates may be purchased in set amounts. Flickr Gift Certificates may not be used to purchase other Flickr Gift Certificates or any other Yahoo Services or Yahoo Gift Certificates.


ELIGIBILITY
A Flickr Gift Certificate may only be sold to persons 13 or older. Yahoo reserves the right to restrict the availability of a Flickr Gift Certificate to residents of certain U.S. states, with or without notice.
A Flickr Gift Certificate is intended for use as a gift to an individual. A Flickr Gift Certificate is non-transferable, and resale of a Flickr Gift Certificate or use for unauthorized advertising, marketing, sweepstakes or other promotional purposes is strictly prohibited. You agree that Yahoo has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of gift certificates and balances (or any portion thereof) obtained or used under such circumstances.


YAHOO ID REQUIREMENT
In order to purchase a Flickr Gift Certificate, you must have a valid Yahoo ID. You provide your credit card, billing and shipping information and other information (“Registration Data”) to Yahoo, which will be stored. You agree that the Registration Data you provide is valid and complete and you will maintain and promptly update that information to keep it valid and complete. If you do not have a Yahoo ID, you will be prompted to register for one before you can pay for a Flickr Gift Certificate.
You, and not Yahoo, are responsible for any and all purchases (including any unauthorized purchases or errors) made through Yahoo or in connection with your Yahoo ID. You must resolve purchase-related disputes with and promptly report unauthorized use of your credit card to your credit card company, online payment service provider, merchant, or bank. Your liability for unauthorized use of your card may be limited by your card issuer’s agreement with you and/or by applicable law. In addition to the uses of account information authorized by the TOS, Yahoo may access, preserve, monitor and disclose your card information in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to verify your account, to identify or resolve problems, or to respond to inquiries about any of your Flickr Services, but nothing in this section shall impose a duty on Yahoo to make any such disclosures.


FEES AND CHARGES
Flickr may, upon notice required by applicable laws, at any time: (i) change the amount of, or basis for determining, any fee or charge related to any Flickr Gift Certificate, or (ii) institute new fees or charges related to a Flickr Gift Certificate.


NO REFUNDS
Once your order is processed and confirmed by Yahoo, your gift certificate purchase is final. You will not be able to cancel your Flickr gift certificate order, and you will not be entitled to any refunds or credits.


EXPIRATION
A Flickr Gift Certificate does not expire. However, you understand and agree that receipt and acceptance of the Flickr Gift Certificate by your intended recipient will be deemed to have occurred when the recipient provides their consent to Yahoo to receive the gift or, in the case of a gift generating a gift code, when the recipient enters the gift code associated with the Flickr Gift Certificate on to the Flickr site and successfully applies the value associated with that gift to their Flickr account. In the unlikely event that your Flickr Gift Certificate is not received and accepted by your intended recipient twelve (12) months from the date that your payment for such gift certificate is finalized, then the Flickr Gift Certificate will be applied to your own Flickr account. By way of example and not limitation, if you purchase a one year Flickr Gift Certificate and the intended recipient of the Flickr Gift Certificate does not receive and accept the one year certificate twelve (12) months from the date of payment, one year of Pro status will be added to your own Flickr account. There are presently no service fees for the maintenance of unaccepted Flickr Gift Certificates.


NO REPLACEMENT
Flickr Gift Certificates will not be replaced if they are lost, stolen, or used without permission.


TERMINATION
Yahoo reserves the right to close customer accounts and request alternative forms of payment if a Flickr Gift Certificate is obtained or used fraudulently on the Flickr site.


NO LIABILITY
A Flickr Gift Certificate is provided “AS-IS”, and Yahoo assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery, misapplication or failure to store any user communications personalization settings, or balance.


v. July 2015





About
Jobs
Blog
Mobile
Developers
Guidelines
Feedback
Report abuse
Help forum

English







Privacy
Terms
Yahoo Safely
Help



				Flickr, a Yahoo company

































