












The Atlantic

























































The Atlantic

Subscribe
Search
Menu











Close

Home
Latest
Most Popular
Magazine
Video
Photo
Writers



News
Politics
Business
Culture
Tech
Health
Education
Sexes
U.S.
Global


Notes
Projects
Events
Books
Shop





Your AccountSign Out
Sign InSign Up







Subscribe
Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price.
Order Now




Follow

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
RSS
App Store

See our Newsletters >









Privacy Policy

Effective: January 1, 2015    
At the Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc. ("The Atlantic"), we want you to enjoy and benefit from our websites and online services secure in the knowledge that we have implemented fair information practices designed to protect your privacy.  Our privacy policy is applicable to The Atlantic, and The Atlantic’s affiliates and subsidiaries whose websites, mobile applications and other online services are directly linked (the “Sites”).  The privacy policy describes the kinds of information we may gather during your visit to these Sites, how we use your information, when we might disclose your personally identifiable information, and how you can manage your information.  
This privacy policy does not apply to Sites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link or who may link to us. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third party websites.  
By visiting our Sites, you are accepting the practices described in our privacy policy, including our use of cookies and similar online tools.  If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use the Sites.  We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our privacy policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.  If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this privacy policy retroactively or to personally identifiable information already in our possession, we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments and seek your consent for such use.

What Information Is Collected?
How Do the Sites Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
How Do We Use Your Information?
Who Can See Your Information?
What Are Your Choices?
Governing Law & Notice to Non-U.S. Users
Other Important Information
Questions About this Policy; Access to Your Information

What Information Is Collected?
We collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of the Sites: non-personally identifiable information and personally identifiable information.  Non-personally identifiable information does not individually identify you, but it may include tracking and usage information about your general location, demographics, use of the Sites and the Internet.  Personally identifiable information is any information that can individually identify you and includes, your name, address, phone number, and email address, or non-personally identifiable information that has been linked to such personally identifiable information.    
Personally Identifiable Information
As a general matter, you can browse the Sites without submitting your personally identifiable information to us.  However, there are a number of circumstances in which you may supply us with your personally identifiable information, including when you subscribe to our publications, newsletters, and other content; place an order; register for a Site or any part thereof; complete a survey or participate in market research; enter a contest; upload content; or when you seek employment at The Atlantic.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
When you interact with the Sites, we may collect certain information that does not identify you individually (“non-personally identifiable information” or “non-PII”), such as demographic data; information about your computer, mobile device, or other device that you use to access the Sites, including IP address, general location information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other transactional information. We may also collect information about your use of the Sites, including your search terms and search results, and additional “traffic data” such as time of access, date of access, software crash reports, session identification number, access times, and referring website addresses.  Our servers may automatically keep an activity log of your use of our Sites.  In addition to non-identifiable individual information, we may collect aggregate data regarding the use of the Sites.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information From or Through Social Media Sites
In addition, when you interact with any The Atlantic property page or account on a social media platform, such as Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, or LinkedIn, we may collect the personally identifiable information that you make available to us on that page or account including your social media account ID.  However, we will comply with the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platform and we will only collect and store such personally identifiable information that we are permitted to collect by those social media platforms.  If you choose to link or login to your The Atlantic account with or through a social networking service, The Atlantic and that service may share certain information about you and your activities. With your consent, we also may share information about your activities, including what you view on the Sites, with that social network’s users.
Collection of Your Source IP Address/Location Information
We collect and store your device’s source IP address which may disclose the general location of your device at the time you access the Sites.  Advertisements and certain content may be directed to you as a result of this data.

How Do the Sites Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Like many websites, we use “cookies”, which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences and actions. We use cookies to track use of our Sites and online services. We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the Sites and make it easier and/or relevant for your use.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to disable or reject cookies. If you delete your cookies or if you set your web browser to decline cookies, some features of the Sites may not work or may not work as designed.  For more information on cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information provided by the Interactive Advertising Bureau at www.allaboutcookies.org.
We may also use web beacons and web storage technologies.  A web beacon (also known as an “action tag”, “tracer tag”, or “single-pixel gif”) is an invisible graphic on a web page that is programmed to collect information about your use of a given website. Web Storage is a feature in some browsers that permits websites to store data within your browser rather within a cookie.  We do not share or provide personally identifiable information we may collect in web beacons or store in Web Storage, such as names, e-mail addresses and phone numbers, to unaffiliated third parties without your express permission.
We may partner with third party advertising companies to better provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.  These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use the Sites.  They may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services.  They may use this information to provide you with interest-based advertising or other targeted content.  These advertising partners do not have access to or use your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number or other personally identifiable information from us, without your consent.  They may, however, use persistent identifiers to anonymously track your Internet usage across other websites in their networks beyond these Sites.  While we restrict their further use of such information, such third parties may, with sufficient data from other sources, be able to personally identify you, unknown to us.  
Third-party ad serving companies and other unaffiliated advertisers also display advertisements on our site. As part of their service, they may place a separate cookie on your computer or utilize other data collection and tracking technologies, to collect information such as your IP address, browser type, the server your computer is logged onto, the area code and zip code associated with your server, and whether you responded to a particular advertisement. For a listing of the third party companies we may allow to place cookies to serve ads on the Sites, click here.  We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies, how they may be used, or the information they may collect and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of those third parties.  Please visit the sites of those businesses at the links above to review their privacy policies. We may add or change the list of third party ad servers from time to time and we encourage you to check this section for changes.  You can learn more about about online advertising at www.aboutads.info/consumers.  
Your browser or device may include “Do Not Track” functionality.  Because a “Do Not Track” compliance protocol has not yet been finalized, The Atlantic’s information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide to customers, will continue to operate as described in this privacy policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.

How Do We Use Your Information?
We use the information we learn from you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Sites, including to:

Provide you with the content, products and services you request
Post your user generated content to our Sites as you request
Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features and enhancements on or to our Sites
Communicate with you about changes to our policies
Communicate with you about your comment to a story or topic
Personalize content and experiences on our Sites, including providing you recommendations based on your preferences
Send you newsletters, offers and promotions for our products and services, third party products and services, or special events by e-mail, text, or other another medium
Provide you with advertising including advertising based on your activity on our Sites or activity on third party sites and applications
Administer our loyalty programs
Administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys
Optimize or improve our products, services and operations
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Sites and their purchasing patterns

We may use the information from one portion of the Sites on other portions of Sites in our network of Sites, all of which are owned and operated by The Atlantic, and we may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the Sites into a single user record.  

Who Can See Your Information?
We will not disclose your personally identifiable information collected from the Sites to any organizations not part of The Atlantic or its subsidiaries or related entities, except as described in this privacy policy.  
Third-Party Agents
    
We have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and partners that perform functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to, hosting, content syndication, content management tools, social media integration, marketing, analytics, billing and customer service.  These entities may have access to personally identifiable information if needed to perform their functions.  If such access is required, the third parties will be obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that personally identifiable information.  They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Sites.
Business Partners and Other Third Parties
From time to time we allow companies whose products or services we feel may interest our print subscribers to advertise to those subscribers, using the names and addresses provided to us during the process of subscribing to the print edition.  We do not share our subscribers’ names and addresses directly with these companies, however.  In those instances, we use a reputable third party to administer the process on our behalf.  Many of our subscribers find this a valuable and time-saving service. If you do not want your name and address to be shared for these purposes, you can opt-out of such sharing by e-mailing us at techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com, or calling or writing us at the contact information provided.
Assignment
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, The Atlantic may transfer your personally identifiable information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets.  Under such circumstances we would, to the extent possible, require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this privacy policy, as it may be amended from time to time.  Nevertheless, we cannot promise that an acquiring company or the merged company will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this privacy policy.
Law Enforcement, Legal Process, and Emergency Situations
In some cases, we may use or disclose your personally identifiable information to a third party if we are required to do so by law or if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law or legal process; to protect and defend our rights or to prevent misuse of our Sites; or to protect the personal safety of our employees, agents, partners, the users of the Sites, or the public.
Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may disclose or share individual, non-personally identifiable information and aggregate information in any manner other than that described herein that we deem appropriate or necessary. Among other things, we will disclose non-personally identifiable information to third parties to help us determine how people use parts of the Sites and who our users are so we can improve our Sites.  We will also disclose non-personally identifiable information to our partners and other third parties about how our users collectively use the Sites.

What Are Your Choices?
We believe you should have choices about the collection, use and sharing of your information.  Although you cannot opt-out of all data collection when you visit our sites, you can limit the collection, use and sharing of your information.  
Collection of personally identifiable information
All personally identifiable information is provided on a voluntary basis.  If you do not want The Atlantic to collect such information, you should not submit it to the Sites.  However, doing so will restrict your ability to access some content and use some of the functionality of the sites.  
Sharing of personally identifiable information
You may opt-out of having your personally identifiable information shared with business partners and third parties for marketing and advertising purposes by e-mailing us at techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com, or contacting us at the phone numbers or postal address provided below.
Online, Interest Based Advertising
You may be able to opt-out of the use of your information for online, interest based advertising from participating whether advertising partners and unaffiliated third parties through the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out program by clicking http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Emails and Newsletters
You may always opt-out of receiving future e-mail marketing messages and newsletters from The Atlantic by following the instructions contained within the emails and newsletters, or by e-mailing, calling or writing us at the addresses below.  

Governing Law & Notice to Non-U.S. Users
These Sites are published in the United States. We attempt to protect the personally identifiable information of all users of our Sites and we attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to The Atlantic’s services, but our family of Sites are located and targeted to United States citizens and our policies are directed at compliance with those laws.  If you are uncertain whether this privacy policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your personally identifiable information to The Atlantic.  
If you are located outside the United States of America, you should be aware that information about you will be transferred to the United States of America. If you are located in a country outside the United States of America and voluntarily submit personally identifiable information to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this privacy policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States of America.
Other Important Information 
How Your Information Is Secured
We take reasonable security measures to protect your information, including the use of physical, technical and administrative controls.  Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your personally identifiable information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  You need to help protect the privacy of your own information. You must take precautions to protect the security of any personally identifiable information that you may transmit over any home networks, wireless routers, wireless (WiFi) networks or similar devices by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized persons from intercepting or receiving any of your personally identifiable information. You are responsible for the security of your information when using unencrypted, open access or otherwise unsecured networks.   
The time period for which we keep information varies according to the purpose for which it is used for. In some cases, there are legal requirements to keep data for a minimum period. Unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep the information, we will retain it for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected or for which it is to be further processed.
Contests, Sweepstakes or Games
When we run a contest or sweepstakes or game relating to our Sites, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. The rules for each contest, sweepstakes or game will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed if it is different than as described in this privacy policy.  In conjunction with your entry in such contest or sweepstakes, personally identifiable information will be collected only if you voluntarily submit it.  
Children’s Information
The Sites are not intended for children under 13 years of age.  The Atlantic does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, do not provide personal information to The Atlantic without providing us with consent from your parents. If The Atlantic discovers that a child under the age of 13 has provided The Atlantic with personal information and we do not have parental consent, The Atlantic will immediately delete that child’s information from the Sites. If you believe that company has been provided with the personal information of a child under the age of 13 without parental consent, please notify us immediately at techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com.
Your California Privacy Rights 
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of The Atlantic who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of their personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com specifying that you seek your “California Customer Choice Notice.”  Please allow thirty days for a response.
Questions About this Policy; Access to Your Information
If you have an account with The Atlantic, you may review and change your information by logging into your account and editing your account profile.  If you have questions about our privacy policy, you may contact us at:
Email:
techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com
Telephone:
(800)234-2411 (United States)
(515) 237-3670 (International)
Postal Service:
Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc.
ATTN: General Counsel
600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20037
For Print Subscriptions:
Atlantic Customer Care
PO Box 37564
Boone, IA 50037-0564
theatlantic@cdsfulfillment.com
You may also use the contact information provided to request access or changes to your personally identifiable information; however, you will not be permitted to examine the personally identifiable information of any other person or entity and may be required to provide us with personally identifiable information to verify your identity prior to accessing any records containing information about you.  We may not accommodate a request to change or delete personally identifiable information if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.











Most Popular






David McNew / Reuters

The Rise of Victimhood Culture


Conor Friedersdorf


A recent scholarly paper on “microaggressions” uses them to chart the ascendance of a new moral code in American life.

Last fall at Oberlin College, a talk held as part of Latino Heritage Month was scheduled on the same evening that intramural soccer games were held. As a result, soccer players communicated by email about their respective plans. “Hey, that talk looks pretty great,” a white student wrote to a Hispanic student, “but on the off chance you aren’t going or would rather play futbol instead the club team wants to go!!”
Unbeknownst to the white student, the Hispanic student was offended by the email. And her response signals the rise of a new moral culture America.
When conflicts occur, sociologists Bradley Campbell and Jason Manning observe in an insightful new scholarly paper, aggrieved parties can respond in any number of ways. In honor cultures like the Old West or the street gangs of West Side Story, they might engage in a duel or physical fight. In dignity cultures, like the ones that prevailed in Western countries during the 19th and 20th Centuries, “insults might provoke offense, but they no longer have the same importance as a way of establishing or destroying a reputation for bravery,” they write. “When intolerable conflicts do arise, dignity cultures prescribe direct but non-violent actions.”



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Thomas Allen

Why I Put My Wife’s Career First


Andrew Moravcsik


The well-being of children, the status of women, and the happiness of men will depend on whether more fathers are willing to take on primary parenting roles.

Three years ago, my wife, Anne-Marie Slaughter, wrote in these pages about how difficult it remains for women to “have it all”—a family and a career. She’d recently left a high-powered job in Washington, D.C., to return to our home in Princeton, New Jersey, where I had been acting as lead parent to our children. Somewhat ironically, her article on work-life balance led her to increased prominence on the national stage, which reinforced my role as the lead parent of our two sons—a role I continue to fill today.
Here is the other half of our family’s story.
Anne-Marie and I went to college just as female graduates were beginning to outnumber their male counterparts, and, in many cases, to outperform them as well. Accordingly, my attitude toward my wife differed from my father’s stance toward my mother. I never doubted for a moment that her prospects were at least equal to my own. Neither did she.



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Kevin Hagen / AP

Joe Biden and Stephen Colbert: Brothers-in-Grief


Russell Berman


The vice president and the comedy star commiserate over tragedy and confront the donkey in the room.

From a purely political perspective, Joe Biden couldn’t have asked for a better national showcase than the one he was gifted on Thursday night by Stephen Colbert.
There was the newly-minted heir to David Letterman, swooning over the vice president’s unmatched authenticity as a politician, commiserating with him over the death of his son, and finally, practically begging him to seek the presidency. The crowd chanted, “Joe! Joe! Joe!” and all Biden could do was laugh it off with a verbal wink. “Be careful what you wish for!” he chided the audience.
But the vice president’s appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert—his first interview since his son Beau succumbed to cancer this spring—was so much more than the light-hearted gab session or earnest defense of policy viewers are used to seeing when a politician sits down with a comedian. Much of that had to do with the host, who is reintroducing himself to a network audience after years of cloaking himself in character on cable. Colbert, in fact, shed much more than the conservative-blowhard persona when Biden walked on stage; he ditched the veneer of comedy altogether, treating most of the interview as if he were, well, Charlie Rose.



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Andrew B. Myers / The Atlantic

The Coddling of the American Mind


Greg Lukianoff and Jonathan Haidt


In the name of emotional well-being, college students are increasingly demanding protection from words and ideas they don’t like. Here’s why that’s disastrous for education—and mental health. 

Something strange is happening at America’s colleges and universities. A movement is arising, undirected and driven largely by students, to scrub campuses clean of words, ideas, and subjects that might cause discomfort or give offense. Last December, Jeannie Suk wrote in an online article for The New Yorker about law students asking her fellow professors at Harvard not to teach rape law—or, in one case, even use the word violate (as in “that violates the law”) lest it cause students distress. In February, Laura Kipnis, a professor at Northwestern University, wrote an essay in The Chronicle of Higher Education describing a new campus politics of sexual paranoia—and was then subjected to a long investigation after students who were offended by the article and by a tweet she’d sent filed Title IX complaints against her. In June, a professor protecting himself with a pseudonym wrote an essay for Vox describing how gingerly he now has to teach. “I’m a Liberal Professor, and My Liberal Students Terrify Me,” the headline said. A number of popular comedians, including Chris Rock, have stopped performing on college campuses (see Caitlin Flanagan’s article in this month’s issue). Jerry Seinfeld and Bill Maher have publicly condemned the oversensitivity of college students, saying too many of them can’t take a joke.



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Ken Lund / Flickr

A Study of the 1.5 Million American Households With Practically No Income at All


Rebecca J. Rosen


And why they aren’t getting much in the way of government assistance

When Americans talk about the failings of the country’s economy, the focus is usually on inequality—the uneven distribution of prosperity among the population. Poverty, on its own terms, receives less attention.
That’s not the case in a necessary new book by Kathryn J. Edin and H. Luke Shaefer, $2.00 a Day: Living on Almost Nothing in America. In it, they report on the roughly 1.5 million households that are surviving on cash incomes of practically nothing and not much in the way of government assistance.
I spoke with Edin and Shaefer about poverty in America, how it’s gotten so deep, and how it is affecting the millions of people who live in it. The interview that follows has been edited and condensed for clarity.



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Chris Wattie / Reuters

The Case Against Stephen Harper


Parker Donham


Defenders of the Canadian prime minister are dismissing criticism of him as delusional. Here’s why they’re wrong.


Until recently, Canada’s upcoming election seemed headed for a three-way tie, with potential for constitutional turmoil if Prime Minister Stephen Harper tried to stay in power. Harper’s Conservatives, Opposition Leader Tom Mulcair’s New Democrats, and Justin Trudeau’s Liberals each hovered around 30 percent in the polls ahead of the October 19 vote.
Then the body of three-year-old Alan Kurdi washed ashore on a Turkish beach, and initial reports suggested relatives had been trying to bring the Syrian boy and his family to Canada, only to be rebuffed under new, Harper-imposed rules that have slowed the admission of Syrian refugees to a trickle. The real story turned out to be more complicated. Canadian immigration officials had actually rejected a refugee application from Alan’s uncle’s family, although Alan’s aunt in Vancouver said the application had been part of a two-stage plan to eventually resettle the entire extended family in Canada.



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Lasse Kristensen / Shutterstock

The Opposite of Hoarding


Leslie Garrett


For some, the need to shed possessions is a life-consuming illness—but the cultural embrace of decluttering can make it hard to seek help.

As long as she can remember, Annabelle Charbit has loathed “stuff.” She hated birthdays because birthdays meant gifts. And gifts meant finding a way to toss them.
At 5 years old, Charbit would sneak toys into her younger brother’s room. By age 10, she was stashing her belongings in alleys around her London neighborhood. At 13, she discovered charity stores, smuggling bags past her parents and out the door.
Living on her own in her twenties, Charbit, now 41, continued her spartan ways, eschewing even lamps. “I would be in semi-darkness,” she says.
Currently a neuroscience researcher at the University of California, San Francisco, Charbit was obsessively decluttering before the word really existed in popular culture. Google Ngram, which charts the use of certain words in book titles, shows that “declutter” first came into use in the 1970s, its popularity shooting up through the ’80s, ’90s, and the first decade of the 21st century. According to Oxford University Press, the term was only added to the 20-volume Oxford English Dictionary in June 2015. Today, women’s magazines routinely urge readers to purge; personal organizers offer to coach clients in their pursuit of minimalist perfection; earlier this year, Marie Kondo’s book The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up, which promises to help people achieve “the unique magic of a tidy home,” became a bestseller. But for some people, the cultural embrace of decluttering can provide cover for more problematic behavior.



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Richard Shotwell / AP

Stephen Colbert's Writing Staff: 17 Men, 2 Women


Megan Garber


And all 19 of the Late Show’s writers are white. So. 

Well, this is sad. Splitsider reports that Stephen Colbert's new show—the one that premiered delightfully earlier this week, the one that seems to be trying to bring a new kind of intellectualism to late-night network comedy—has a writing staff that includes 17 men. And only two women.
And: All 19 of those writers are white.
Feel free to use this space to react with a loud groan or maybe a silent scream or maybe a dismissive “¯\_(ツ)_/¯” or whatever else suits you. 
And, you know: I get it. Sort of. To take just one side of this, the gender question: Comedy writing skews male, famously and/or notoriously, and it’s to some extent easy to over-essentialize these things—the 17 men Colbert selected to write his material might be total feminists, and the two women might be raging misogynists, and they will all, regardless, bring a whole host of hidden and highly individualized experiences to their roles as the creators of a show that will ostensibly have a huge audience, and thus a huge platform, and thus a huge influence. There is, overall, an important difference between category and identity, and we should not be glib about any of that.



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Kai Pfaffenbach / Reuters

How ISIS Territory Has Changed Since the U.S. Bombing Campaign Began


Kathy Gilsinan


An animated illustration of a stalemate

In an address to the nation this time last year, President Barack Obama outlined a plan to “degrade and ultimately destroy” ISIS. It was the eve of the 13th anniversary of the September 11 attacks, and at that point the United States had already been bombing ISIS in Iraq for about a month, having intervened as the group menaced the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan and threatened to wipe out the Yazidis, a religious minority. In late August and early September, the group beheaded the American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff in the Syrian desert, helping prompt an expansion of U.S. airstrikes into Syria.
Obama said in his speech that the United States had already conducted 150 successful airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq. A year later, the United States military and its allies have conducted 6,700 airstrikes across Iraq and Syria, sent more than 3,000 U.S. troops to Iraq, and trained thousands more Iraqi troops as well as a handful of Syrian fighters. Here’s one critical indicator of how that campaign, Operation Inherent Resolve, is progressing: a look at how ISIS territory has changed in the year since the U.S.-led military campaign began.



        
        Continue Reading
        
    





Marc Sellem / Reuters

Netanyahu’s Victory Over Iran


Jeffrey Goldberg


The Israeli prime minister mobilized the world to confront Tehran. But the world’s definition of success was not his.

The international agreement to restrain Iran’s nuclear program, which will likely go into effect next week, should count as the crowning diplomatic achievement of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. The ratification of this deal marks the first time Iran has agreed to radically curtail its previously unregulated nuclear activities, and it would not have happened without Netanyahu.
For more than a decade, he has lobbied, cajoled, and pressured the United States and Europe to thwart Iran’s nuclear ambitions. He played by far the largest role in focusing the attention of the great powers on the threat of a nuclear Iran. His single-minded, insistent lobbying, his powerful speechmaking, and his orchestration of a highly potent publicity campaign in Washington, when combined with the presence, in the White House, of a president predisposed to believe that a nuclear-armed Iran would pose a profound national-security threat to the U.S. (I am not referring here to George W. Bush), led to the application of crippling, multilateral sanctions on Iran, a sanctions regime that brought Iran to the negotiating table. At the negotiating table, Iran’s leaders eventually agreed to a set of limitations and controls on the country’s nuclear program that are quite stringent, and which, if properly implemented, reduce the chance that Israel will find itself the target of an Iranian nuclear weapon for many years to come. And all this was achieved without preventative military strikes that might have delayed, but not prevented, Iran from crossing the nuclear threshold. Of course, the threat of a unilateral Israeli strike on Iran’s nuclear facilities—a threat deemed credible by the Pentagon, by the White House, and by many European leaders—also helped concentrate the world’s attention on the problem, and aided President Barack Obama in his campaign to convince sometimes-balky allies to join in the sanctions regime in order to prevent an Israeli strike.



        
        Continue Reading
        
    






How America Reacted to 'The Coddling of the American Mind'


The Editors


"I was expecting to have to deal with a ton of hate mail."


        
        Watch Video
        
    






'Jesus, Don't Let Me Die Before I've Had Sex'


Nadine Ajaka


An excerpt from a new documentary explores the fraught relationship between Evangelical Christians and sex.


        
        Watch Video
        
    






The Wanderlust of #Vanlife


Sam Price-Waldman


How an Instagram hashtag inspired a movement


        
        Watch Video
        
    













Subscribe
Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price.
























State
Alabama
Alaska
Alberta
American Samoa
APO/FPO-Africa
APO/FPO-Canada
APO/FPO-Europe
APO/FPO-Middle East
APO/FPO-Americas
APO/FPO-Pacific
Arizona
Arkansas
British Columbia
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Manitoba
Marshall Islands
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Micronesia
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Brunswick
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
Newfoundland
Newfoundland-Labrador
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Mariana Isles
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ohio
Oklahoma
Ontario
Oregon
Palau
Pennsylvania
Prince Edward Island
Puerto Rico
Quebec
Quebec
Rhode Island
Saskatchewan
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Yukon Territories









Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic





Newsletters+






                                The Atlantic
                            


The Atlantic Daily


This Week


This Month




New Photo Galleries


Top Videos This Week







                                CityLab
                            

Today’s Top Stories


This Week's Most Popular Stories




I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors.

















Follow+



Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
RSS
App Store





About+




Masthead
FAQ
Press
Jobs


Shop
Books
Emporium




Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Advertise
Advertising Guidelines


Terms and Conditions
Subscriber Help
Site Map






 Copyright © 2015 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. CDN powered by Verizon Digital Media Services. Insights powered by Parsely















        () Continue >
    









































Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).


























