





      Community Guidelines - YouTube
    













 













 About
Press Copyright Safety Creators Advertise
Developers Help










                  Community Guidelines
                

                  A few ground rules to keep YouTube safe and fun for everyone
                

















                    Contents
                  



Respect the YouTube community


Don't cross the line


We review your reports carefully


Join in and have fun











                    Respect the YouTube community
                  


                      We're not asking for the kind of respect reserved for nuns, the elderly, and
                      brain surgeons. Just don't abuse the site. Every cool, new community feature
                      on YouTube involves a certain level of trust. We trust you to be responsible,
                      and millions of users respect that trust. Please be one of them.
                    






                    Don't cross the line
                  


                      Here are some common-sense rules that'll help you steer clear of trouble.
                      Please take these rules seriously and take them to heart. Don't try to look
                      for loopholes or try to lawyer your way around the guidelines—just understand
                      them and try to respect the spirit in which they were created.
                    







                            Nudity or sexual content
                          


                              YouTube is not for pornography or sexually explicit content. If this
                              describes your video, even if it's a video of yourself, don't post it
                              on YouTube. Also, be advised that we work closely with law
                              enforcement and we report child exploitation. Learn more










                            Violent or graphic content
                          


                              It's not okay to post violent or gory content that's primarily
                              intended to be shocking, sensational, or disrespectful. If posting
                              graphic content in a news or documentary context, please be mindful
                              to provide enough information to help people understand what's going
                              on in the video. Don't encourage others to commit specific acts of
                              violence. Learn more










                            Hateful content
                          


                              Our products are platforms for free expression. But we don't support
                              content that promotes or condones violence against individuals or
                              groups based on race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender,
                              age, nationality, veteran status, or sexual orientation/gender
                              identity, or whose primary purpose is inciting hatred on the basis of
                              these core characteristics. This can be a delicate balancing act, but
                              if the primary purpose is to attack a protected group, the content
                              crosses the line. Learn more










                            Spam, misleading metadata, and scams
                          


                              Everyone hates spam. Don't create misleading descriptions, tags,
                              titles, or thumbnails in order to increase views. It's not okay to
                              post large amounts of untargeted, unwanted or repetitive content,
                              including comments and private messages. Learn more












                            Harmful or dangerous content
                          


                              Don't post videos that encourage others to do things that might cause
                              them to get badly hurt, especially kids. Videos showing such harmful
                              or dangerous acts may get age-restricted or removed depending on
                              their severity. Learn more










                            Copyright
                          


                              Respect copyright. Only upload videos that you made or that you're
                              authorized to use. This means don't upload videos you didn't make, or
                              use content in your videos that someone else owns the copyright to,
                              such as music tracks, snippets of copyrighted programs, or videos
                              made by other users, without necessary authorizations. Visit our
                              Copyright
                              Center for more information.
                            









                            Threats
                          


                              Things like predatory behavior, stalking, threats, harassment,
                              intimidation, invading privacy, revealing other people's personal
                              information, and inciting others to commit violent acts or to violate
                              the Terms of Use are taken very seriously. Anyone caught doing these
                              things may be permanently banned from YouTube. Learn more














                    We review your reports carefully
                  


                      You might not like everything you see on YouTube. Some of the content might
                      offend you. If you think it's inappropriate, locate the flagging feature on
                      the video and submit it for review by our YouTube staff. Learn more


                      Our staff reviews flagged videos 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to determine
                      whether they violate our Community Guidelines. When they do, we remove them.
                      Sometimes a video doesn't violate our guidelines, but might not be
                      appropriate for everyone. These videos may get age-restricted. Accounts are
                      penalized for Community Guidelines violations, and serious or repeated
                      violations can lead to account termination. If an account is terminated, that
                      person won't be allowed to create any new accounts.
                    






                    Help
                  


                      For more information about how our Community Guidelines are enforced, please
                      visit our Help
                      Center.
                    






                    Join in and have fun
                  


                      Remember that this is your community. Each and every person on YouTube makes
                      the site what it is, so don't be afraid to dig in and get involved.
                    

                      There's a lot to see here, with lots of folks creating amazing stuff—one of
                      them might be you! Equipment is getting cheaper and easier to use all the
                      time, so dive in and enjoy.
                    

                      Let folks know what you think. Feedback is part of the experience, and when
                      done with respect, it can be a great way to make friends, share stories, and
                      make your time on YouTube richer. So leave comments, rate videos, make your
                      own responses to videos that affect you, enter contests of interest—there's a
                      lot going on and a lot of ways to participate.
                    

                      But most of all, have fun with the site! We hope you'll find something new to
                      love as you get to know the community.
                    

                      — The YouTube Team
                    














Language: 
 
 


                العربية
              

                Български
              

                বাংলা
              

                Català
              

                Čeština
              

                Dansk
              

                Deutsch
              

                Ελληνικά
              

                English
              

                English (United Kingdom)
              

                Español
              

                Español (Latinoamérica)
              

                Eesti
              

                Euskara
              

                فارسی
              

                Suomi
              

                Filipino
              

                Français
              

                Français (Canada)
              

                Galego
              

                ગુજરાતી
              

                हिन्दी
              

                Hrvatski
              

                Magyar
              

                Bahasa Indonesia
              

                Íslenska
              

                Italiano
              

                עברית
              

                日本語
              

                ಕನ್ನಡ
              

                한국어
              

                Lietuvių
              

                Latviešu
              

                മലയാളം
              

                मराठी
              

                Bahasa Melayu
              

                Nederlands
              

                Norsk
              

                polski
              

                Português (Brasil)
              

                Português (Portugal)
              

                Română
              

                Русский
              

                Slovenčina
              

                Slovenščina
              

                Српски
              

                Svenska
              

                தமிழ்
              

                తెలుగు
              

                ไทย
              

                Türkçe
              

                Українська
              

                اردو
              

                Tiếng Việt
              

                中文（简体中文）
              

                中文 (香港)
              

                中文（繁體中文）
              


Help




About


Press


Copyright


Creators


Advertise


Developers


+YouTube




Terms


Policy and Safety


Privacy


Try something new!









