







Bloomingdale's and bloomingdales.com Notice of Privacy Practices

















































STORES & EVENTS
 | 



USD


 | 
MY ACCOUNT
 | 
WISH LIST
 | 




				MY BROWN BAG
				































DESIGNERS
What's New
WOMEN
SHOES
HANDBAGS
JEWELRY & ACCESSORIES
BEAUTY
MEN
KIDS
HOME
GIFTS
THE REGISTRY
SALE




















CALL US ANY TIME:1.800.777.0000

								We're available 24 hours, 7 days a week.
							







What's New
My bWallet
In-Store Pickup
Wish List

Help Topics

Credit Card


Returns


Order Status


Loyallist

 

Shipping & Delivery


Stores


My Account & Profile


Furniture & Mattresses


Products & Pricing


Wedding & Gift Registry


Gifts & Gift Cards


Security & Privacy

 

International


Contact Us




















Bloomingdale's and bloomingdales.com Notice of Privacy Practices



The Notice of Privacy Practices was updated on August 20, 2015.
This Notice of Privacy Practices applies to information collected in Bloomingdale's stores (including Bloomingdale's outlet stores) and online at bloomingdales.com, and via mobile applications (e.g., Bloomingdale's Brown Bag, bloomingdales.com assessed through your mobile device). To view your separate Department Stores National Bank Privacy (DSNB) Policy for your Bloomingdale's credit card, please click here.
This Notice of Privacy Practices explains:


The kinds of information we collect


How we use information


Our information sharing practices


Customer Preferences and Opt-Out Choices


How you may access some of the information you provide to us


We encourage you to refer to this notice periodically so that you understand our current privacy practices.
If you have any questions about this notice, please contact our Customer Service department:


By mail at:


            Bloomingdale's Customer Service
ATTN: Privacy Office
P.O. Box 8215
Mason, OH 45040


By phone at 1-888-922-7026


Via email at privacy.master@bloomingdales.com


Your access of and use of our website means you agree to the terms in this Notice of Privacy Practices and our Legal Notice.

Information We Collect
We collect information from a variety of sources, including information provided by you, information we collect when you visit our website or stores, transaction information, and information we collect about you from third party sources.
The following are examples of the types of information we may collect:

Information you provide: name, address (billing and shipping), e-mail address, telephone number(s), mobile number(s), credit card number(s), birth date, security question answers, etc.
Information associated with the use of our website: bloomingdales.com uses the information gathered from cookies and web beacons, such as IP address, to enhance your experience on our website.
Information associated with transacting business with Bloomingdale's including: transaction information, including the items purchased, and the date and time of your transaction.
Information from third party sources: we may receive your updated shipping information from a third party carrier.


How We Use Information
We may use the information we collect to: process a transaction; provide products or services you request; improve our website and stores; enhance your shopping experience; and for marketing and promotional purposes. We may combine information about you that we collect online, in our stores, via mobile devices (including mobile applications), and from third party sources.
Cookies and Other Technologies on bloomingdales.com
This section addresses bloomingdales.com use of cookies and Flash Cookies.
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a website that is stored on your hard disk by your computer's browser. A web beacon (also known as tracking pixels or clear GIF) is an embedded image on a website that monitors a website's activity.
At bloomingdales.com, we use two kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open. Persistent cookies last from visit to visit; they do not go away when you exit your browser.
Managing cookie preferences differs from browser to browser so please refer to your browser for further information. If you would like to disable cookies and web beacons from bloomingdales.com, please use the help function in your web browser to restrict cookies from our website. If you block cookies from bloomingdales.com, you will not be able to make purchases on our website.
A Flash Cookie (also known as Local Shared Object) is a data file stored on your computer by the websites that you visit (click here for more details). From time to time, bloomingdales.com may use Flash Cookie(s) on the website, for example, to enable or control Flash-based content. Flash Cookies provide similar functionality as the cookies (discussed above in this section), but are based on different technology and are persistent; they do not go away when you exit your browser. To manage the Flash Cookie settings and preferences for your computer, please click here and you will be directed to the Settings Manager on Adobe's website. You may also be able to manage Flash Cookies from your browser, depending on the version of your browser.

Information Sharing
We may share your information within Macy's, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (including Macy's). We also may share your information with third parties with whom we have a relationship (to opt-out of third party sharing please click here).
Internally


When you make a purchase, we may share information about you and your transaction with other companies necessary to process your transaction.


 
Externally

We may share your information with third parties to assist in the management of the site or so that they can directly market their products or services to you if we feel that these products or services may be of interest to you. For example:



Website Optimization Services. bloomingdales.com shares data using the IBM Digital Analytics tool to understand and optimize website performance and enhance site usability for our customers. IBM Digital Analytics analyzes data it collects from bloomingdales.com and returns reports to us through an encrypted connection. IBM Data Analytics is required to maintain data securely and confidentially, and is not permitted to share data collected with parties other than Bloomingdale's. We do not share credit card or password information with IBM Digital Analytics. To learn more about opting out of IBM Digital Analytics analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior, please refer to the Customer Preferences and Opt-Out Choices section of this notice.

Borderfree. bloomingdales.com processes international customer orders through our partner Borderfree. Borderfree is required to maintain data securely and confidentially, and is not permitted to share data collected with parties other than Bloomingdale's. To learn more about international customer privacy, please see the International Customer Privacy section of this notice.





Customer Preferences and Opt-Out Choices
E-mail: To opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing e-mails from bloomingdales.com at a specific email address, you may:


Use the unsubscribe link in the footer of any e-mail sent by bloomingdales.com.

Unsubscribe by signing into your account on bloomingdales.com, click on my profile and indicating your opt-out preference.

Or contact us by mail at Bloomingdale's Customer Service, Attn: Privacy Office, P.O. Box 8215, Mason, OH 45040


Note: It may take up to 10 business days to process your request.
My Customer Survey Emails: We separately may send surveys, via e-mail, to our customers in order to collect opinions and feedback about their shopping experiences. To opt-out of receiving survey e- mails from Bloomingdale's, you may use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any survey e-mail.
Clienteling: Customers who have a one-to-one relationship with a Bloomingdale's sales associate and no longer wish to receive e-mails from that associate may contact the associate directly and opt-out of receiving those e-mails.
Mobile Marketing: To opt-out of mobile marketing for a specific mobile number, you may:


Reply STOP to 25666 on your mobile phone/wireless device. You will receive a confirmation text that you have been opted out.


Note: Please allow 3-5 business days after contacting us to process your request. We do not share your mobile number with any third parties for marketing purposes.
Direct Mail or Telemarketing: To opt-out of receiving direct mail or telemarketing calls, you may:


Contact Customer Service at 1-888-922-7026


Contact us by mail at Bloomingdale's Customer Service, Attn: Privacy Office, P.O. Box 8215, Mason, OH 45040. If you choose to write us, please include your name, address, phone number, and the last four digits of your Bloomingdale's proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number (if you have one), and state one of the following:


"NO MAIL OFFERS" (if you do not want to receive offers by mail);


"NO PHONE OFFERS" (if you do not want to receive offers by phone); or


"NO PHONE OR MAIL OFFERS" (if you do not want to receive either)


Note: Because mailings often are prepared well in advance of an offering (12 - 16 weeks, in many cases) you may, for a period of time, continue to receive some offers after you send us your request.
Third Party Sharing: If you prefer that we not disclose your information to third parties for marketing purposes, you can:

Contact us by mail at Bloomingdale's Customer Service, Attn: Privacy Office, P.O. Box 8215, Mason, OH 45040. If you choose to write to us, please include your name, address and the last four digits of your Bloomingdale's proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number (if you have one) and state "NO THIRD PARTY SHARING" in your request, or
Contact Customer Service at 1-888-922-7026,


Interest-Based or Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA): Interest-based advertising uses information about you collected from various online sources (including mobile applications) to provide relevant, targeted advertising likely to be of interest to you. Click here for additional information on interest-based or online behavioral advertising. If you would like to opt-out of online behavioral advertising, please click here. Please note that you will be opted out of all interest-based advertising from all business members of the Network Advertising Initiative. If you opt-out, you may continue to see or receive online advertising from bloomingdales.com; however, these ads may not be as relevant to you.
Social Network Advertising and Facebook.com Website Custom Audience Ads (WCA): The Bloomingdale's and Facebook Web Custom Audience is a specific Interest-Based Ads program that matches people that have shown interest in Bloomingdale’s through our website with their Facebook user profile so that we may deliver relevant, interest-based ads on Facebook.com. To find out more about Facebook ads programs, please click here. You can opt-out of this program and all Interest-based advertising through the links provided above.
Do Not Track (DNT): bloomingdales.com does not currently have the capabilities to recognize the various Do Not Track signals from different web browsers. Customers may manage their preferences for tracking across sites in the Online Behavioral Advertising section above. For more information on Do Not Track please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.org/
IBM Digital Analytics (formerly Coremetrics): As a bloomingdales.com user, you may choose to opt-out of IBM Digital Analytics' analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior on our website or you may choose to allow IBM Digital Analytics to analyze your behavior anonymously. Click here to learn more about your privacy preference options with respect to IBM Digital Analytics use on our site.
Access Your Information
If you are a registered user of bloomingdales.com, you can update your information in My Account.
If you have questions about your order, you may check your order status online in My Order. 
If you have any additional questions, please call our Customer Service department at 1-888-922-7026.
If you are an international customer and want access to your information, please click here.
Information Security
Please refer to the Security Policy for additional details. 
Information About Children Under 13
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act imposes requirements on Web sites that collect personal information about children under 13 (for example - name, address, e-mail address, social security number etc.) Our policy is not to collect personal information on any person under 13. For this reason, our online sweepstakes, e-mail and mobile sign-ups are restricted to entrants who are at least 13.
If this policy changes, bloomingdales.com will revise this portion of its Notice of Privacy Practices and will comply with the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which includes providing notice and choice to each child's parent or guardian before collecting any personal information.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared with third parties and used for direct marketing purposes and the name and address of the third parties that received such personal information. If you are a California resident and want a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: Bloomingdale's Customer Service, P.O. Box 8067, Mason, OH 45040. In your request, please specify that you want a "Your Bloomingdale's California Privacy Rights Notice ". Please allow 30 days for a response.
If you are a minor under 18 and have a profile on bloomingdales.com, you may ask us to remove reviews or other content that you posted on the site by writing to sb568@macys.com.  We will begin to process your request within 30 days.  Please note that processing your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of content that you posted.
International Customer Privacy
To fill international orders, bloomingdales.com partners with Borderfree, Inc. ("Borderfree"). Borderfree will carefully process your personal information, with at least the same level of privacy protection set forth in the U.S. - EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Borderfree also agrees not to sell, transfer, or otherwise use your information other than for processing international shipments.
When you indicate you are shipping internationally, you will be redirected to a checkout page hosted by Borderfree. On the checkout page you will be required to submit personal information to Borderfree to complete your order. Once you place your order, you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive future marketing communication from bloomingdales.com.
Borderfree will notify bloomingdales.com of the approval of your order, and bloomingdales.com will then ship approved orders to Borderfree. Simultaneously, Borderfree will purchase the product from us, which allows them to take title to the product(s), bill your credit card, collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you. In this process, Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record. When ordering a product, you will be presented with Borderfree's terms and conditions. You must agree to them to receive the product(s) you ordered.
Once you have agreed that Borderfree may share your personal information with bloomingdales.com, that data is protected by this notice of privacy practices and you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States.
We adhere to both the EU and Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles. We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce, Switzerland, and the European Union that our processing of personal data is in compliance with these principles and we perform periodic self-assessments to verify ongoing compliance.
Bloomingdales.com is committed to resolving any customer concerns regarding their privacy. If a customer feels that their privacy may have been violated, based on the Safe Harbor Principles, bloomingdales.com will attempt to directly resolve the complaint. Any complaints that are still unresolved after these direct efforts, will be settled by arbitration administered by JAMS in accordance with its applicable commercial rules.

JAMS
1920 Main Street
Suite 300
Irvine, CA 92614
Phone: 949-224-1810
Email box: tlunceford@jamsadr.com
Customers shipping internationally who wish to contact bloomingdales.com to

Inquire about or update their personal information
Make a complaint about the collection or use of their personal information
Comment on or ask questions regarding this privacy policy

Please email us at internationalprivacy@bloomingdales.com.
 






Does this answer your question?






Tells us how you think we can make this answer more helpful to you. We do not respond to comments sent through this form.


*Email:Required



*Your Feedback:Required


 * required fields







 What is the return and exchange policy?
 What is the shipping policy?
 Terms of Use
 How do I return an item purchased at a Bloomingdale's store?
 Security Policy






















CUSTOMER SERVICE

Shipping Policy
Returns & Exchanges
International



MY ACCOUNT

Order Status

My Loyallist

My Profile



CREDIT SERVICES

Pay Bill Online
Manage My Credit Account
Apply for a Credit Card



COMPANY

About Us
b.cause
Careers



WAYS TO SHOP

Online & Mobile
Stores
Outlets






			 
		























Terms of Use/
				

Privacy/
				

CA Privacy Rights/
				

 CA Transparency in Supply Chains Act/
				

Customers' Bill of Rights/
				
Product Recall/

Visually Impaired Customers/
				






Essential Accessibility




			© 2015 Bloomingdale's. 1000 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022. Request our corporate name and address.






















