


















Slate's privacy policy.


























































    Like us on Facebook for more great Slate stories!
    


X


    Follow us on Twitter for more great Slate stories!
    
Follow @slate

X











Slate




Sign In
Sign Up


















Slate's Privacy Policy























Slate




Sign In
Sign Up





 










SlateSlate User Agreement And Privacy PolicySlate’s legalese.Dec. 6 2012 1:22 PM

Slate's Privacy Policy
















Our data-collection practices.









Last Updated: February 28, 2014.




The Slate Group LLC (“Slate,” “we,” or “us”) is committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs while protecting the privacy of your information.  This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect, use, and disclose information through the websites, mobile applications, and other online services and products that link to or post this Policy (collectively, the “Services”).  Please read the entire Privacy Policy before using our Services.  By using the Services, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy.


1.     Information We Collect


You generally are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit the Services.  However, we may ask you for some or all of the following types of information when you register with our Services, access various content or features, register for contests or sweepstakes, submit comments and other content, order products, or directly contact us with questions or feedback:



Contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;


User name, display name, and password;


Demographic information, such as age information and gender;


Payment information, such as credit card number and expiration date;


Geolocation information;


Communications preferences;


Search queries;


Stories, comments, photos, and other information posted in our interactive online features;


Correspondence and other information that you send to us; and


Additional information as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.



We also may collect certain information automatically when you visit the Services, including:



Your browser type and operating system;


Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;


Other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers;


Sites you visited before and after visiting the Services;


Pages you view and links you click on within the Services;


Information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies;


Information about your interactions with e-mail messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded; and


Standard Server Log Information



We may use cookies, pixel tags, Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as “Flash Cookies”), and similar technologies to automatically collect this information.  Cookies are small bits of information that are stored by your computer’s web browser.  Pixel tags are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as "web beacons" or "clear GIFs,” that can recognize cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device.  Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as “Flash Cookies”) are similar to standard cookies except that they can be larger and are downloaded to a computer or mobile device by the Adobe Flash media player.  By using the Services, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies.  You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser.  However, if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to use certain online products, services or features on the Services.


2.     Use of Information


 


We may use information that we collect through the Services for a variety of purposes, including to:



Provide you with the products, promotions, services, newsletters, and information you request and respond to correspondence that we receive from you;


Customize and personalize your use of the Services;


Provide Slate Plus users with premium content, products, promotions, and information;


Contact you via email and otherwise about products, services, and events that we think might be of interest to you;


Contact you with surveys, legal notices, and other information that may be relevant to your use of the Services;


Maintain or administer the Services, perform business analyses, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer;


Publish stories, comments, and other information posted in our interactive online features;


Process employment applications and inquiries; and


As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.

To show you relevant ads both on our Services and elsewhere, and measure the effectiveness and reach of ads. To learn more about how you can opt out of interest-based advertising, please visit www.networkadvertising.org;



3.     Sharing of Information


We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect.



Corporate Parents, Affiliates, and Subsidiaries.  We may share your information with our corporate parents, subsidiaries, and other affiliated entities for a variety of purposes, including business, operational, and marketing purposes.


Service Providers.  We may share your information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf, such as to host the Services, manage databases, host a store or other e-commerce platform, perform analyses, or send communications for us.


Select Business Partners.  We may share your information with select business partners so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. However, Slate is not responsible for the privacy practices of these business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes.


Other Parties When Required By Law or as Necessary to Protect the Services.  We may disclose your information to third parties in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of Slate, our corporate parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries, and the users of our Services; enforce our Terms of Use; prevent fraud (or for risk management purposes); and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government or other entity, whether or not legally required.


In Connection With a Transfer of Assets. If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the event of bankruptcy, we may transfer your information to one or more third parties as part of that transaction.


Other Parties With Your Consent. We may share information about you with third parties when you consent to such sharing, including when you post information to a user profile or a public area of the Services, such as a chat room, forum, blog, or other community tool.


Aggregate Information.  We may disclose to third parties information that does not describe or identify individual users, such as aggregate website usage data or demographic reports.



We may allow third parties to place and read their own cookies, web beacons, Local Shared Objects, and similar technologies to collect information through the Services.  For example, our third-party service providers may use these technologies to collect information that helps us with traffic measurement, research, and analytics.  Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as “Flash Cookies”) are similar to standard cookies except that they can be larger and are downloaded to a computer or mobile device by the Adobe Flash media player.  Please note that you may need to take additional steps beyond changing your browser settings to refuse or disable Local Shared Objects and similar technologies.  For example, Local Shared Objects can be controlled through the instructions on Adobe’s Setting Manager page.   If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete these technologies, some of the functionality of the Services may no longer be available to you.


Slate does not share information that it collects with third parties for the third party’s direct marketing purposes.


4.     Data Security


We maintain reasonable security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the information you provide to us.  Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.


You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any access to or use of the Services using your password, whether or not authorized by you.  Please notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security.


5.     Children’s Privacy


The Services do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent, except as permitted by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). 


6.     Social Networking Services


Slate has worked with certain third-party social media providers to offer you their social networking services through our Services.  For example, you can use third-party social networking services, including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, and others to share information about your experience on our Services with your friends and followers on those social networking services.  These social networking services may be able to collect information about you, including your activity on our Services.  These third-party social networking services also may notify your friends, both on our Services and on the social networking services themselves, that you are a user of our Services or about your use of our Services, in accordance with applicable law and their own privacy policies.  If you choose to access or make use of third-party social networking services, we may receive information about you that you have made available to those social networking services, including information about your contacts on those social networking services.


You also may be able to link an account from a social networking service (e.g., Facebook, Twitter) to an account through our Services.  This may allow you to use your credentials from the other site or service to sign in to certain features on our Services.  If you link your account from a third-party site or service, we may collect information from those third-party accounts, and any information that we collect will be governed by this Privacy Policy.


7.     Privacy Policy Updates


We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to the Services or other appropriate notice.  Your continued use of the Services after any modification to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the new terms and conditions.


8.     Links to Third Party Sites and Services


The Services may contain links to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by third parties and that are not under the control of or maintained by Slate.  Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Slate of those other websites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to this third-party content.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites or services.


9.     International Users


Please note that the Services are directed towards users who reside in the United States. By using the Services, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States.  While some of these countries may not offer the same level of privacy protection as your own, Slate commits to uphold the privacy protections as explained in this Policy.


10.  Your California Privacy Rights


It is our policy not to share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. 


Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites with which the user communicates.  Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them.  Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, Slate currently does not take action in response to these signals.  If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.


11.  Communications Preferences


You may choose to receive promotional emails, newsletters, and similar communications from us.  You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us by clicking on the opt-out or “unsubscribe” link included in the commercial e-mails you receive.  Please note that opt-out requests may take up to 10 business days to be effective.  Your opt-out request will not apply to messages that you request or that are not commercial in nature.  For example, we may contact you concerning any purchases you have made with us, even if you opt out of receiving unsolicited commercial email messages.


12.  Contact Us


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:


slateoffice@slate.com







REPRINT
PRINT
EMAIL

















































 










 







Powered by Livefyre



















 

News & Politics


Foreigners

Sept. 10 2015 9:57 AM

Business as Usual
The horrors of Europe’s migrant crisis are just another part of the new global economy.
William Saletan



Look Who Conservatives Are Blaming for the Iran Deal Now


Hillary Clinton Is Offering a More Muscular Version of Obama’s Foreign Policy


The Juvenile Justice System Eats Kids for Breakfast


Is Europe’s Refugee Crisis Actually a Climate Crisis?


Donald Trump Isn’t Another Ross Perot


GOP Candidates Are Using Black Lives Matter to Scare Whites Into Voting for Them


How Ted Cruz Plans to Use the Threat of a Government Shutdown to Help His Presidential Prospects







 

Business


Moneybox

Sept. 9 2015 6:35 PM

Ladies and Gentlemen, Another Big Obamacare Lawsuit Is Going Forward

Jordan Weissmann



No One Wanted the Fire Phone, So Amazon Just Stopped Selling It


McDonald’s Is Switching to Cage-Free Eggs. Here’s Why the Rest of America Could Follow.


This Giant Air Purifier Sucks in Smog and Makes It Wearable


Jeb Bush Says He’ll Pass Massive Tax Cuts and Reduce the Deficit, Because Republicans Love Magical Thinking


Lagunitas Founder Uses Nietzsche to Explain Why He Sold Half of His Beloved Craft Brewery to Heineken


More People Will Soon Watch TV Online Instead of on a Box


Student Loans Might Be Driving Up the Cost of College. So What Do We Do About It?







 

Life


Quora

Sept. 10 2015 7:07 AM

What’s the Difference Between General Practice Physicians and Specialists?

Quora Contributor



Help! My Mother’s Vitriolic Support of Donald Trump Is Ruining Our Relationship.


Those Preposterous Victorians on Vox Have No Idea What It Was Like to Live in the 19th Century


Caitlyn Jenner Enters the “Not That Kind of Trans Woman” Phase of Her PR Campaign


Dig Into the Most Boring Undertaking Fathomable: Making Tunnels as a Hobby


“At First We Felt Angry”: Four Teachers Explain How Common Core Changed Their Jobs


Did Bob Dylan Release Any Good Albums After the 1960s?


The Temperature-Controlled Shipping Containers That Transport Our Food Are Called Reefers







 

Double X


The XX Factor

Sept. 10 2015 9:00 AM

Republicans Attack Women’s Health Care Because They Care About Women’s Health Care

Amanda Marcotte



It’s Time for Harvard’s All-Male Hasty Pudding Troupe to Die


Nothing Will Stop Michelle Duggar From Passive-Aggressively Judging Your Strapless Dress


News Flash: First-Trimester Abortions Aren’t Heart Surgery


The Pope’s New Line on Annulments Is Good News for Religious Women Everywhere


Hillary Clinton Makes a Bid For Female Voters with a Birchbox-Style Subscription Pack


“Anti-Abortion” Terrorism at a Clinic That Doesn’t Actually Perform Abortions


Rick Scott’s Office Caught Manipulating Reports on Planned Parenthood Investigations










 

Slate Plus


Food

Sept. 10 2015 11:06 AM

“I Was Gluten-Free Before It Was Cool”
Listen to Laura Bennett read about how she was diagnosed with celiac disease in the ’90s, then watched “gluten-free” become a cultural craze.
Laura Bennett



This Scientist Couldn’t Fit Into the Cave, so He Sent His Teenage Son


We Made the Culture Desk Play Tab Roulette


I Wrote About Why Drivers in China Intentionally Kill Pedestrians. Ask Me Anything.


Why Does Everyone Believe Participation Trophies Are Ruining America?







 

Arts


Books

Sept. 10 2015 11:38 AM

My Dog’s a Star!
A lovely story of viral fame for very young readers.
Dan Kois



Slowing Down Time at a Place Designed for Speed


Sometimes a Gifted Novelist Gets One Big Swing at Success—and Whiffs


Fallon and Timberlake See Colbert’s ​Late Show​, Hit Back With Another “History of Rap”


Watch Kendrick Lamar Light the Stage on Fire as Colbert’s First Late Show Musical Guest


In Praise of M. Night Shyamalan, Comedian


This No-Knead Challah Tastes Just As Good Three Days After You Bake It







 

Technology


Future Tense

Sept. 10 2015 10:42 AM

Netizen Report: Networks Blocked in Northern India as Riots Escalate





A New Type of Fire Alarm Goes Off Before There’s Even Smoke


Relax, a Drone Isn’t Going to Bring Down Your Next Airline Flight


Some Luddites Wear Corsets and Fear iPhones. Others Have a Pretty Good Point.


The New Apple TV Has One Very Cool Feature: the Remote Control


The Shady, Risky, Highly Influential Business of “Parody” Twitter


Adobe to Women at Apple Event: Would It Kill You to Smile?







 

Health & Science


Bad Astronomy

Sept. 10 2015 9:30 AM

Bright Spots on Ceres Are Coming Into Focus

Phil Plait



A Strange New Hominid Species, Homo naledi, Deliberately Disposed of Its Dead


Nobody Knows Guilt Like a Catholic Woman in an Abortion Clinic


Not Exactly Tatooine: Exoplanets Found Orbiting Each Star in a Binary System


Why Do Some Kids With Autism Seem to Grow Out of It?


The Extraordinary Beauty of a Lopsided Spiral Galaxy


Video of an Extremely Bright Daytime Meteor Over Bangkok







 

Sports


Sports Nut

Sept. 4 2015 3:48 PM

Beyond Brady
The NFL’s Deflategate defeat will reverberate for years unless the league reforms now.
Rob Hamilton



You Can Learn a Lot About Venus and Serena Reading Their 1999 Self-Published Newsletter


Why Roger Goodell’s Latest Disaster Might Actually Be His Undoing


A Record Number of Retirements Turned the U.S. Open’s First Round Into a Joke. It Can’t Happen Again.


Minor League Mascots Are Crazier Than Ever. Here Are the Geniuses Behind the Trend.


Justin Wilson’s Death Was Horrific and Possibly Preventable. Indycar Needs Better Safety.


College Football Players Deserve the Right to Unionize. Why NLRB Is Too Cowardly to Say So.












Slate




Sign In
Sign Up









Most Read

1. Help! My Mother’s Vitriolic Support of Donald Trump Is Ruining Our Relationship.
2. Those Preposterous Victorians on Vox Have No Idea What It Was Like to Live in the 19th Century
3. The Secret to Ayn Rand’s Success: Benzedrine
4. A Strange New Hominid Species, Homo naledi, Deliberately Disposed of Its Dead
5. Some Luddites Wear Corsets and Fear iPhones. Others Have a Pretty Good Point.





Most Shared



1. The University of Iowa’s New President Has No Experience, No Ideas, and Flubbed His Own Résumé




2. Donald Trump Thinks His Time at an Expensive Prep School Was Just Like Serving in the Military




3. Colbert Kicked Off His Late Show Reign by Mocking Donald Trump. For Five Minutes Straight.




4. 11-Year-Old, 7-Year-Old, Two 5-Year-Olds, and 3-Year-Old Killed by Guns Over Labor Day Weekend




5. GOP Candidates Are Using Black Lives Matter to Scare Whites Into Voting for Them
















Playing a Violin, From the Violin’s Perspective








































FOLLOW SLATE





SLATE ON
IPAD
IPHONE
ANDROID
KINDLE


REPRINTS
ADVERTISE WITH US








ABOUT US
CONTACT US
WORK WITH US


USER AGREEMENT
PRIVACY POLICY
FAQ


FEEDBACK
CORRECTIONS





Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents ©
          2015 The Slate Group
          LLC. All rights reserved.


 






















Slate







Slate




Sign In
Sign Up






























