



CenturyLink | Acceptable Use Policy







































		Customer Info Close Window




You must enter a zip code.
A zipcode must contain five digits.
Please enter a valid zip code.
We had an unexpected error, please try again.
Zip code at service address: (required)
 

Service address zip:  change


						Attention: We cannot match your zip code properly. Please indicate below which company used to provide service to your area in the past.
						
A company selection is required.





 Qwest
					


 CenturyLink*
					




*CenturyLink includes former ElPasoTel customers


Help

Why is this needed?

				As CenturyLink and Qwest merge companies, we are working hard to combine our systems. By supplying your service address zip code we will be able to get you to the right location. Thank you for your patience during the merger process.
			


Sorry, we don't recognize the information you provided.

What would you like to do?

I'd like to shop for CenturyLink Out of Region Long Distance.
I am a new customer moving to a CenturyLink service area. I'd like to search by my new address.
I'd like to try to enter my information again.

Not sure what to do? Try Customer Service










		Customer Info Close Window




To customize your pricing and feature options we need a little more information.
 A valid service address is required
 A street address is required
 A city is required
 A state is required
 Please enter a valid zip code
 Please enter a valid zip code
Your zip code is unrecognized. Please try again.
We had an unexpected error, please try again.


New Customers



Please enter your service address so we can show you accurate pricing product availability in your area.


Address (required)


(Example: 123 Main Street, Denver, CO 80123)


Unit Number

(If applicable: apartment, unit, lot, suite number)











Attention: We cannot match your zip code properly.
									Please indicate below which company used to provide service to your area in the past.
									
A company selection is required.







 Qwest
								


 CenturyLink*
								


*CenturyLink includes former ElPasoTel customers








Current Customers


						Log in with your account username and password so that we can show you the pricing options available to you. Don't have an account yet? Select
						"Enroll Now" on the My Account Login page to create one now.
					


My Account

A username is required.
A password is required.
We had an unexpected error, please try again.


Select the company you set up your account with, and enter your user name and password.
A company selection is required.
Enter your My Account user name and password.




 Qwest
							


 CenturyLink
							



User Name (required)
 Forgot Username?
Password (required)
 Forgot Password?





 Phone Number or Account Number


A phone or account number is required
We had an unexpected error, please try again.


example: 333-222-2222
















					By inputting your account information and clicking the "Show My Options" button, you provide consent to CenturyLink to access your account information, including the services you subscribe to, to respond to your inquiry and inform you of CenturyLink&apos;s products and services. You may deny us permission by proceeding no further and your denial will have no affect on your current services.  Under federal law, it is your right and our duty to protect your account information.
				




Sorry, we don't recognize the information you provided.

What would you like to do?

I'd like to shop for CenturyLink Out of Region Long Distance.
I am a new customer moving to a CenturyLink service area. I'd like to search by my new address.
I'd like to try to enter my information again.

Not sure what to do? Try Customer Service











		Customer Info Close Window





Enter your My Account user name and password.

A username is required.
A password is required.
We had an unexpected error, please try again.



User Name (required)
 Forgot Username?
Password (required)
 Forgot Password?









Quick Bill Pay
Set up My Account





Why is this needed?

				As CenturyLink and Qwest merge companies, we are working hard to combine our systems. By supplying your service address zip code we will be able to get you to the right location. Thank you for your patience during the merger process.
			



Sorry, we don't recognize the information you provided.

What would you like to do?

I'd like to shop for CenturyLink Out of Region Long Distance.
I'd like to try to enter my information again.

Not sure what to do? Try Customer Service










Please wait for a few moments.  We are making sure you reach your intended destination.
			Thank you for your patience.
Wait for it
Wait for it......







		Customer Service & Support Close Window



We apologize for the inconvenience.  This product is currently not available in your area.
Continue to view these CenturyLink products:

DIRECTV®
High-Speed Internet
Bundles
Phone
Go back to the CenturyLink home page.




We apologize for the inconvenience. This product is currently not available for ordering online. If you have questions, or would like to order, please call 800-366-8201.








		Customer Info
		
Close Window





Enter your CenturyLink Home Telephone Number or Account Number so we can help you set up your account.


A telephone or account number is required.
You must enter a valid telephone or account number.
Home Telephone Number or Account Number
 Go



How can I find my Account Number?
Why is this needed?

				As CenturyLink and Qwest merge companies, we are working hard to combine our systems. By supplying your home telephone or account number we will be able to get you to the right location. Thank you for your patience during the merger process.
			








 














		Customer Info Close Window



















	Attention! Your browser settings show that JavaScript is disabled. As a result, your experience throughout centurylink.com including the use of drop-down menus, buttons and links will be limited. We recommend that you turn on Javascript and then refresh this page. How do I turn on Javascript?












For Home


For Business
			




Small Business - Up to 10 Employees
Medium Business - More than 10 Employees
Enterprise
Wholesale
Need Help Choosing?













Call Us
Mobile Site 
 Español
Contact Us
Sign In



























About Us










Company Information

Investor Relations

Community

Press Room

Careers

Governance

Legal



















Qwest's Acceptable Use Policy

Qwest has formulated this Acceptable Use Policy ("AUP") in order to
encourage the responsible use of Qwest's networks, systems, services,
web sites and products (collectively, the "Qwest Network and Services")
by our customers and other users of the Qwest Network and Services
(collectively, "Users"), and to enable us to provide Users with secure,
reliable and productive services. By using the Qwest Network and
Services, Users consent to be bound by the terms of this AUP. Qwest
reserves the right to modify this AUP in its discretion at any time.
Such modifications will be effective when posted. Any use of the Qwest
Network and Services after such modification shall constitute acceptance
of such modification.

Suspension; Termination. Any User which Qwest determines to have
violated any element of this AUP may be subject to a suspension or
termination of service.  Qwest will suspend service for violation of the
AUP on the most limited basis as Qwest determines is reasonably
practical under the circumstances to address the underlying violation.
Qwest will attempt to notify Customer prior to suspending service for
violation of the AUP (which may be via email or any other notification);
provided, however, Qwest may suspend service without notice if Qwest
becomes aware of a violation of any applicable law or regulation or
activity, including but not limited to a violation of the AUP, that
exposes Qwest to criminal or civil liability or that exposes the Qwest
network or Qwest customers' network or property to harm. Such harm to a
network may include, but is not limited to, risk of having an IP address
placed on blacklists. Qwest may take such further action as Qwest
determines to be appropriate under the circumstances to eliminate or
preclude repeat violations, and Qwest shall not be liable for any
damages of any nature suffered by any Customer, User, or any third party
resulting in whole or in part from Qwest's exercise of its rights under
this AUP.

Prohibited Conduct.


In General. The Qwest Network and Services must be used in a
manner that is consistent with the intended purpose of the Qwest Network
and Services and may be used only for lawful purposes. Users shall not
use the Qwest Network and Services in order to transmit, distribute or
store material: (a) in violation of any applicable law or regulation,
including export or encryption laws or regulations; (b) that may
adversely affect the Qwest Network and Services or other Qwest customers; 
or (c) that may expose Qwest to criminal or civil liability. Users are
prohibited from facilitating the violation of any part of this AUP or
another provider's AUP, including, but not limited to transmitting,
distributing, or otherwise making available any product or service that
violates this AUP or another provider's AUP.

Inappropriate Content. Users shall not use the Qwest Network and
Services to transmit, distribute or store material that is
inappropriate, as reasonably determined by Qwest, or material that is
obscene (including child pornography), defamatory, libelous,
threatening, abusive, hateful, or excessively violent.

Intellectual Property. Material accessible through the Qwest
Network and Services may be subject to protection under privacy,
publicity, or other personal rights and Intellectual Property rights,
including but not limited to, copyrights and laws protecting patents,
trademarks, trade secrets or other proprietary information. Users shall
not use the Qwest Network and Services in any manner that would
infringe, dilute, misappropriate, or otherwise violate any such rights.
If you use a domain name in connection with any of the Qwest Network and
Services, you must not use that domain name in violation of the
trademark, service mark, or other rights of any third party.

Harmful Content. Users shall not use the Qwest Network and
Services to transmit, distribute or store material that may be harmful
to or interfere with the Qwest Network and Services or any third party's
networks, systems, services, or web sites. Such prohibited harmful
content includes, but is not limited to, viruses, worms, or Trojan
horses.

Fraudulent/Misleading Content. Users shall not use the Qwest
Network and Services to transmit or distribute material containing
fraudulent offers for goods or services, or any advertising or
promotional materials that contain false, deceptive, or misleading
statements, claims, or representations. In addition, Users are
prohibited from submitting any false or inaccurate data on any order
form, contract or online application, including the fraudulent use of
credit cards.

Email and Unsolicited Messages. Users shall not use the Qwest
Network and Services to transmit unsolicited e-mail messages, including,
without limitation, unsolicited bulk email , where such emails could
reasonably be expected to provoke complaints ("spam"). Further, Users
are prohibited from using the service of another provider to send spam
to promote a site hosted on or connected to the Qwest Network and
Services. In addition, Users shall not use the Qwest Network and
Services in order to (a) send e-mail messages which are excessive and/or
intended to harass or annoy others, (b) continue to send e-mail messages
to a recipient that has indicated that he/she does not wish to receive
them, (c) send e-mail with forged TCP/IP packet header information, (d)
send malicious e-mail, including, without limitation, "mail-bombing", (e)
send or receive e-mail messages in a manner that violates the use
policies of any other Internet service provider, or (f) use an e-mail
box exclusively as a storage space for data.

Third Party Rules; Usenet. Users may have access through the
Qwest Network and Services to search engines, subscription Web services,
chat areas, bulletin boards, Web pages, USENET, or other services that
promulgate rules, guidelines or agreements to govern their use. Users
must adhere to any such rules, guidelines, or agreements.

Inappropriate Actions. Users shall not use the Qwest Network and
Services to conduct activities that may be harmful to or interfere with
the Qwest Network and Services or any third party's networks, systems,
services, or Web sites, including, but not limited to, flooding, mail
bombing, or denial of service attacks. Users are prohibited from
violating or attempting to violate the security of the Qwest Network and
Services or the computers, accounts, or networks of another party. Users
are also prohibited from any activity considered a precursor to
attempted security violations, including, but not limited to, any form
of scanning, probing, or other testing or information gathering
activity. Inappropriate activity may result in civil or criminal
liability. Qwest will investigate such activity, and may involve and
cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting Users involved
in such activity.


Responsibility for Content. Qwest takes no responsibility for any
material created or accessible on or through the Qwest Network and
Services. Qwest is not obligated to monitor such material, but reserves
the right to do so.  Qwest will not exercise any editorial control over
such material.  In the event that Qwest becomes aware that any such
material may violate this AUP and/or expose Qwest to civil or criminal
liability, Qwest reserves the right to block access to such material and
suspend or terminate any User creating, storing or disseminating such
material. Qwest further reserves the right to cooperate with legal
authorities and third parties in the investigation of alleged
wrongdoing, including disclosing the identity of the User that Qwest
deems responsible for the wrongdoing.

Violations of this AUP may be reported at the following link: abuse@qwest.net.

Revised 01-30-09
back to top






Acceptable Use Policy
Privacy Policy

Safe Habor Privacy Notice 


Copyright Notices
Website User Agreement
Payment Agreement
Online Security
Terms & Conditions
Tariff Library
Internet Service Management
















About Us |
		Careers |
		Investor Relations |
		Legal |
		Legal Notices |
		Privacy Policy |
		Site Map |
		Tariffs |
		Customers with Disabilities |
		Contact Us
Store Locator |
		White/Yellow Pages
White/Yellow Pages |
		Email Offers |
		Referral Program |
		CenturyLink Retailer |
		Fed Govt |
		State & Fed Govt |
		Education |
		Partners
For Home |
		Small Business |
		Medium Business |
		Enterprise |
		Wholesale

		© 2015, CenturyLink. All Rights Reserved.
		Feedback  





























