






	Privacy Policy | Mattress Firm




























































Your browser does not support iframes.






Your browser does not support iframes.





















































Call1-877-384-2903



Mon-Fri 7:30am-9pm
Sat-Sun 7am-8pm





Same Day
							Delivery



Day Happiness
							Guarantee



Satisfaction
							Guarantee




Customer Care














					Mattress Firm Customer Care
				



We're here to help


 

Web chat
Online now!
								Click to chat.
							




 

video chat
Currently
									Unavailable





 

call us
Call now!
								Click to call.
							




 

email us
								We'll respond within 24 hours.
							



Popular questions


What mattress is right for me?
What Financing Terms do you offer?
When will I receive my order?
What is included with Red Carpet Delivery?
How does your 100 Day Guarantee work? 



Financing

Easy and convenient financing options are available. Apply online now!

exclusive offer

Join our email list for sale notices and other promotions!
































CART
									0








Your Cart
						
















Subtotal*
									
0 items in your cart


$0.00









View Cart




*Coupons, tax, and shipping will be applied at checkout.


















MATTRESSES
ADJUSTABLE BEDS
FURNITURE
ACCESSORIES
SALES
STORE LOCATOR




















Thank you for selecting Mattress Firm.
								
								For help completing your order and scheduling delivery,
							



								Please Call 1-877-384-2903.
 Or Click To Chat from any product page.
							

Representatives are available Mon-Fri 7:30am - 8pm    Sat-Sun 7am-8pm.




Close This










have questions?








we have answers!







 

Web chat
Online now!
					Click to chat.
				




 

video chat
Currently
						Unavailable





 

call us
Call now!
					Click to call.
				




 

email us
					We'll respond within 24 hours.
				



View our FAQs page













Financing Options


Special Financing for 60 Months
No Credit Needed
90 Day Payment Option





Shop by Category




Shop by Brand



Classic Brands
Comfort Revolution
Cozzia
Eclipse
Hampton & Rhodes
Hillsdale Furniture
Leggett & Platt
Lux Living
Mantua
Natura
Rize
Sealy
Serta
Simmons Beautyrest
Snuggle Home
Stearns & Foster
Tempur-Pedic




Shop by Comfort



Firm


Plush


Pillow Top


Memory Foam




Shop By Type


Memory Foam


Memory Foam Gel


Adjustable


Inner Spring


Shop Mattresses





Shop Accessories



Frames


Pillows


Mattress Protectors


Mattress Toppers
















Privacy Policy




Mattress Firm is committed to making your search for the perfect mattress and a great night sleep as pleasurable and easy as possible. Maintaining your privacy is part of that commitment. As such, this privacy policy describes the types of personal and non-personal information we collect on Mattressfirm.com (the “Site,”) how we use such information and to whom and under what circumstances we may disclose it. By using the Site, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.


Rest Easy: What do we collect? 


Personal Information:
We only collect personal information from you when you: 1) register on the Site, 2) complete a survey, 3) contact us; and 4) order products and services. 


Non-personal Information:
As part of the standard operation of the Site, we may collect certain non-personal information from you, including, but not limited to your Internet IP address, browser type, domain name, operating system, and referring website addresses. In addition, we may collect information about your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the Site, the areas or pages of the Site that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the Site, the number of times you return to the Site and other click-stream data. This helps us assist you by allowing us to understand how visitors use our services. This data also becomes part of your unique profile and allows us to make your shopping experience beneficial. 


Cookies
We may use cookies to collect the non-personal information described above. A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on the hard drive of your computer when you access the Site. We may also use cookies to: 1) provide you with customized content and advertising, 2) monitor Site usage, and 3) conduct research to improve our content and services. You are free to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the Site or take full advantage of all our offerings. Check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. 


Rest Easy: How we use It? 



We take seriously the trust you place in us, therefore, you have our commitment that we will not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information to others. We may, at times, produce internal reports about our user demographic, age and online usage information. This allows us to work more closely with advertisers to provide content and offers that are more relevant to our users. We will never include any personal information of our users in these reports. We may also use the information collected for the following purposes: 1) to fulfill your requests for products and services; 2) to provide you with targeted offers and advertising on the Site; 3) to contact you with information and promotional materials and offers from Mattress Firm, as well as from our subsidiaries, affiliates, marketing partners, advertisers and other third parties; 4) to contact you when necessary; 5) to review Site usage and operations; and 6) to conduct research and/or analysis. 



In addition, we reserve the right to use or disclose any information without notice or consent to the following entities for the following purposes: 1) to our employees, independent contractors, subsidiaries, affiliates, consultant, business associates, service providers and suppliers, if the disclosure will enable any of these entities to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us; 2) to our employees, independent contractors, service providers and suppliers, to fulfill a product or service request; 3) as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of the Site Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third party; 4) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; 5) to conduct investigations of consumer complaints; and 6) as provided for under the “Unforeseen Circumstances” section below.


Rest Easy: How secure is your site? 



Mattress Firm, Inc. has taken your security seriously. We have taken certain physical, electronic, contractual and managerial steps to safeguard and secure the information we collect from Site visitors. We have limited access to private and confidential data to those employees with a specific need to retrieve this information. To maintain this highest level of security, we do not store private information on our website. We do not direct the Site to, nor do we knowingly collect, any personal information from children under the age of thirteen. 


Third-Party Websites
The Site may contain links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the activities and practices that take place on these sites. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any site that you may access through our Site. 


Unforeseen Circumstances
As we continue to develop our business, we or our affiliates may sell or buy other businesses or entities. In such transactions, personal information may be one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the event that Mattress Firm, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. 


Third Party Advertising Partners
We use third-party service providers to serve advertisements (banners or links) on our behalf across the Internet.
These advertising service providers may collect non-identifiable information about your visits to our website, and your interactions with our products and services. Such non-identifiable information does not include your name, address, e-mail address or other personal information. The information is collected through the use of cookies and pixel tags (also known as action tags), which is industry-standard technology used by most major websites.
In addition to the information about your visits to our website, our service providers may also use the information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements for products and services available from Mattress Firm.
Currently, we use third party-placed tracking pixels and cookies from the following advertising delivery partners: TruEffect, Amazon and Google. In the future we may partner with other companies to provide interest-based advertising, both on and off sleeptrain.com. If this occurs, Mattress Firm provides you with an opportunity to opt out when these advertisements are served. You may manage your third-party advertising preferences by clicking on the links below:

I would like to opt OUT of TruEffect Ads.
I would like to opt OUT of Google Analytics Display Advertising.
I would like to opt OUT of Amazon Ads.

If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices for not having this information used by third-party service providers, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp 


Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. When we do, we will post the change(s) on the Site. If we change the policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate online notice to you. 



If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at customerservice@mattressfirm.com.



















Sleep Happy or
Your Money Back

Comfort, Service and Price.









Our low price
Guarantee or it's free


We'll beat competitor's
pricing









No credit
needed

90 Day Payment Option








Red Carpet
Delivery

Guaranteed on time







Exclusive Offers
Join our email list for sale notices and other promotions




About Mattress Firm

Financing Options
Mattress Firm Foundation
Investor Relations
Careers
Mattress Firm Blog
How To Buy a Mattress
Replace Every 8
Commercial Sales




Find a Store!
Store Locator


Customer Service
1-866-942-3551

Customer Service
Contact Us
Warranty Claims




Stay Connected

Facebook
YouTube
Twitter





When calling please reference this code:
--






Home
About Mattress Firm
Contact Us




© 2007- 15 Mattress Firm Inc. All Rights Reserved
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Disclaimer














