



















Terms of Service | Zomato














































We're Hiring!


Log in with Facebook


Log in





















 Purcellville

Please type a location




All of Purcellville

Recent Locations


Popular Locations
Purcellville, Virginia 




 







Search for restaurant, cuisine or a dish




Search for restaurant, cuisine or a dish













Coming right up...





No results found




Suggested Searches


                                                Breakfast                                            



                                                Lunch                                            



                                                Dinner                                            



                                                Delivery                                            









                        Search                    







































				        General terms and conditions for promotions				    










The Merchant is promoting the restaurant(s) on Zomato, based on the terms and conditions agreed to and detailed below.
The Merchant agrees and undertakes to promote its restaurant(s) on Zomato by Banner / Hover / Strip / Slider listing. The Merchant’s promotion on Zomato is offered without any performance guarantee.
The Service Effective Date being the date the promotions go live, shall not be amended due to any delay/fault on the part of the Merchant. Contract Value once paid is not refundable.
The creatives / artwork shall be submitted to Zomato on or before 3 (three) working days prior to the Service Effective Date. In the event the Merchant does not submit the creatives/ artwork to Zomato, the promotions shall be deemed to have been running live from the Service Effective Date.
Artwork: The Merchant shall ensure that any and all artwork (creatives, logos, etc.) of the restaurant promoted on Zomato, is consistent with the internal branding guidelines of the restaurant. The Merchant should own the copyright of any pictures used in the promotions. In case the Merchant does not own the copyright to any pictures used in the creatives, Clause 6 shall come into effect.
Limitations and liabilities: Zomato is not responsible for any action initiated by any party as a result of the Merchant’s promotions on Zomato. Zomato reserves the right to sell additional promotional space to any other party, without changing the position and size of the Merchant’s restaurant(s) listing space. Neither party shall be liable to the other party for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, or exemplary damages or any damages for lost data, business interruption, lost profits, lost revenue or lost business arising from the Merchant’s promotions on Zomato (even if that party has been advised of the possibility of such damages).
Intellectual property: Both the Parties agree and undertake that the Intellectual Property vests solely with the Party that owns it and the Parties further undertake not to use the intellectual property of the other Party save and except in accordance with these service terms. The Merchant agrees and acknowledges that Zomato shall be authorised to use the logo and brand name of the restaurant for its promotions. Merchant agrees not to disclose the exclusive (proprietary) Zomato Dashboard access or any of its inbuilt features to any third party.


            			In case a cheque issued by the Merchant is dishonoured due to reasons attributable to the Merchant, a penalty per dishonoured cheque will be levied by Zomato. Zomato reserves the right to de-activate promotions in case of a Dishonoured cheque. In such an event, Promotions shall be resumed only after the payment (inclusive of dishonoured cheque charges) has been cleared; and confirmed by Zomato.            			


S. No.
Country
Dishonoured Cheque Penalty




1
India
Rs. 500 /-




2
United Kingdom
£ 20 /-




3
South Africa
R. 200 /-




4
New Zealand
NZ $ 30/-




5
UAE
-




6
Philippines
PHP 2000 /-




7
Turkey
TRY 100/-




8
Indonesia
IDR 100,000 /-




9
Portugal
€ 45 /-




10
Chile
CLP 5000 /-





Termination: Zomato may, at any time terminate the promotions in whole or part by giving Merchant  prior written notice of 30 (thirty) days.










                    Zomato
                



                            About
                        



                            Careers
                        



                            Blog
                        



                            Contact
                        






                    Businesses
                



                            Add Restaurant
                        



                            Advertise
                        



                            Base
                        



                            Book
                        



                            Cashless
                        



                            Order
                        



                            Whitelabel
                        



                            Guidelines
                        







                            Mobile
                        




                            iOS
                        



                            Android
                        



                            Windows
                        






                    Policies
                



                            Privacy
                        



                            Terms
                        



                            Code of Conduct
                        






                    Other
                



                            Feedback
                        



                            Contact
                        



                            Sitemap
                        





ENGLISH








English


Türkçe


Indonesian


Português


Español


Čeština


Slovenčina


Polish


Italian


Vietnamese















                            By continuing past this page, you agree to our Terms of Service, Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy and Content Policies. All trademarks are properties of their respective owners. © 2008-2015 - Zomato™ Media Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.
                        







Find us on Google+

















 

