



  



            
            Privacy Policy  | www.CRUISE.co.uk
        








































































Find Your Cruise...



Search Cruise Deals
Search Reviews
Search Answers
Search Photos
Search Videos















































































































| 
Cruise
|  Cruise Guides
|  Privacy


Privacy Policy | Cruise 2013 & 2014 




  Privacy & Cookie Policy:  www.CRUISE.co.uk ltd ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy (together with our terms & conditions www.CRUISE.co.uk/cruise-guides/Terms-and-Conditions/  sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. We keep certain basic information when you visit our website and recognise the importance of keeping that information secure and letting you know what we will do with it. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is www.CRUISE.co.uk ltd. Our registered office is at Birmingham Road, Henley in Arden, West Midlands, B95 5QA and our company number is 01827977.   This policy only applies to our site. If you leave our site via a link or otherwise you will be subject to the policy of that website provider. We have no control over that policy or the terms of the website and you should check their policy before continuing to access the site. Cookie Policy: This site like many others uses small files called cookies to help customize your experience and to track your progress throughout the website. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:  To estimate our audience size and usage pattern. To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests. To speed up your searches. To recognise you when you return to our site.  Anonymous analytics cookies:Every time a user visits our website, web analytics software provided by a Google generates an anonymous analytics cookie.These cookies can tell us whether or not you have visited the site before.Your browser will tell us if you have these cookies, and if you don't, we generate new ones. This allows us to track how many individual unique users we have, and how often they visit the site. IP Addresses:We may collect information about your computer without you actively providing it through methods such as your IP address, for system administration and improvements to our website and to report aggregate information.  This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual and we will not collect personal information in this way.   General Privacy Policy: We may collect and process the following data about you:  Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site www.CRUISE.co.uk (our site). This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our service or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. Details of your visits to our site and the resources that you access.  Where we store your personal data The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted.  Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. Uses made of the information We use information held about you in the following ways:  To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer. To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes. To notify you about changes to our service.  Your Booking: Once your booking has been confirmed with your chosen Cruise Line or other relevant suppliers (ie, airlines, hotels, transport companies, tour companies, etc) we want to make sure the after sales process runs as smoothly as possible, to do this we will need to pass this information you provided at the time of booking such as, full name, address, date of birth, dietary/medical needs, passport details etc to your chosen tour operator to ensure essential travel documentation can be sent to you in due time. Your Chosen tour operator will then use this information for their own purposes and for their own marketing and their own privacy policy rules apply. Your Rights You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise the right to refuse this at any time by contacting us at marketing@cruise.co.uk Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. When you give us your information you will receive emails from us with product and offer updates.  At any point in time click here to unsubscribe.  On an annual basis we may check with you that you still want to be unsubscribed from our marketing activity. Access to information You have the right to access information held about you. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. Changes to our privacy policy Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. However, we advise that you check this page regularly to keep up to date with any necessary changes. Call Recording Calls may be recorded for training & quality purposes. Contact Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to marketing@cruise.co.uk  






   Cruise Forum       Newest Topics     Cruising with Regent on Seven Seas... Neil Down, Southampton -  Views: 144 | Replies: 3     Colour or natural...long or short.. spud, newcastle -  Views: 491 | Replies: 22     Still dithering Yogini, Waterlooville -  Views: 281 | Replies: 7     Welcome Aboard // Honeymoon Blog dst87, Falkirk -  Views: 495 | Replies: 17     Has Cruise Dot stopped selling Costa? Topdeck, London -  Views: 545 | Replies: 3     More >>>     Hot Topics     Kicked off the ship - does it happen? Max, Warwickshire -  Views: 5617 | Replies: 33     How do you get the good last minute... Bigsis, Waterlooville -  Views: 2152 | Replies: 25     What does a Cruise Director actually do? Nunfa1, S.E. Essex -  Views: 1406 | Replies: 25     Colour or natural...long or short.. spud, newcastle -  Views: 491 | Replies: 22     Does your Pet Miss You? Taffy, Wales -  Views: 514 | Replies: 17     More >>>        Consultants Blogs        Going West By Steve Fuller It’s Holiday time. I’m now away from the office on annual leave and heading to one of my... Read More>> Sep 02 2015 04:00PM         X Factors backdid your l... By Haydn Jones     Here we go again, it seems like its never been away but yes, The X Factor is back on our screens unt... Read More>> Aug 30 2015 09:41PM       Step into the light Silhouette By Diane Cockburn     As I posted last week, I was fortunate to be asked to visit Celebrity’s Solstice class ship &#