















Privacy Policy - PeopleSmart






























Sign In


Join

















 















					Search
				





 









					Search
				





 









					Search
				





 












					Search
				














Choose


People


Phone


Email


Address










Find







Location







*a-z dash, period, spaces only






















Birth Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December



Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31








Birth Year
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918



+/-
--
0
1
2
5
10













		Minimize
	
 





			Phone:
		







 





			Email:
		





*enter valid email address

 







					Street:
				








					City:
				










 







Sign In


Join


About


Blog


Help









Privacy Policy
Effective Date: February 1, 2015

		This Privacy Policy applies to PeopleSmart.com, owned and operated by Inflection.com, Inc. (“PeopleSmart”, “Inflection”, or “we”). This Privacy Policy describes how Inflection.com, Inc. collects and uses the personal information you provide on our website, www.peoplesmart.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
	

		You can learn more about how we protect your privacy and how to manage your information in our databases through the PeopleSmart Privacy Education Center.
	



TRUSTe

	Inflection.com, Inc. has received TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy statement and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program viewable on the validation page available by clicking the TRUSTe seal. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website: www.peoplesmart.com, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site.


	If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact TRUSTe at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.








Overview
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
What information do we collect?

Registration Information
Billing Information
Additional Information

How do we collect information about you?

Services You Authorize
Social Media Widgets
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies

What do we use your information for?
How do we protect your information?

Technical and Administrative Controls
Payment Information
Security

When do we share your information?

With Your Consent
Within the Inflection Family of Products
To Provide Certain Services
Public, Anonymous and Aggregated Data
Testimonials
Business Transfers
Fraud and Abuse Prevention
Legal Compliance and Harm Prevention

How do I access and control my personal information?

Access and Choice
Communication Preferences

Compliance Notices

California Do Not Track Disclosure
California Information-Sharing Disclosure
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act

Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Information



	What does this Privacy Policy cover?


	This policy covers how PeopleSmart.com treats personal information that we collect and receive from you, including information related to your use of our website, products, and services. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage. Unless noted otherwise, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information in our people search databases, which is covered separately under our Opt-Out Policy.


	Our website also includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Inflection.com, Inc. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their Privacy Policies. We encourage you to carefully read the Privacy Policy of any website you visit.



	What information do we collect?


	We collect some information that is personal (i.e. information that identifies you, either alone or in combination with other data.) We also collect information that is non-personal and does not, on its own, identify you. When non-personal information is combined with other information so that it does identify you, we treat that combination as personal information.


Registration Information


	When you register for an account to use PeopleSmart.com, we may collect the following information:



		Your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and password
	

		Your birthdate
	

		Content that you create (also known as user-generated content)
	


	Registration is optional. However, if you choose not to register, certain features may not be available to you. Once you register with us and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.



	Billing Information


	While registration is free, if you choose to purchase certain additional services and products, we may collect the following personal information:


Credit card or other billing account information
Billing address
Transaction-related information
Fraud prevention information (see Fraud and Abuse Prevention)



	Additional Information


	In order to provide certain services, we may collect additional information from you.


When you search for a person using our website, we collect and store a log of your searches, which can include the name, email address, phone number, or address that you searched for.
If you wish to enhance your search results using information from third-party services such as Facebook or LinkedIn, we may ask you to give us authorization to access information about you stored in those third-party services.

		To use our identity protection products, we may ask for the following personal information:
		
Your legal name
Your current residence
Your Social Security Number
Knowledge-based authentication questions that only you would know





	How do we collect information about you?



	Services You Authorize


	When you give us authorization to access an account you have on a third-party service such as Facebook or LinkedIn, we use a protocol called OAuth to access your information. We will never ask you to give us your password for a third-party service.



	Social Media Widgets


	Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the Privacy Policy of the company providing it.



	Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies


	We use several methods to collect technical and analytics data, including the following:


Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Inflection.com, Inc. and our affiliates, or analytics or service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies for our shopping cart, to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference), for authentication, and for analyzing site usage. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.  This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, or site functionality.
We partner with a third party to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 and Flash to collect and store information.
To manage Flash LSOs please click here.



	What do we use your information for?


	We use the information you give us to:


Operate and improve our website, products, and services
Understand you and your preferences, which helps us to enhance your experience on our website
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service
Provide and deliver the products and services that you request
Conduct research to improve the quality of our products and services
Send you information related to your account, including confirmations, invoices, security alerts, updates, confirmations, and support and administrative messages
Protect our users against fraud and abuse
Communicate with you about new products and services offered by Inflection and our selected partners



	How do we protect your information?



	Technical and Administrative Controls


Your information is stored on servers in physically secure locations
We implement technical measures to prevent unauthorized access, and keep security patches and software up-to-date
Employee access to your information is restricted and audited
Sensitive personal information is stored in encrypted form
All personal information is encrypted during transfer (for example, when providing credit card information)



	Payment Information


	For processing payments, we use systems that are compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). All payment information is safely stored according to PCI DSS requirements.



	Security


	When you enter sensitive information such as a credit card number on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).


	We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.  No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us at privacy@peoplesmart.com.



	When do we share your information?


	We do not share, rent, or sell your information except in the limited circumstances described below:



	With Your Consent


	We will share your information when you give us permission; for example, when you use a third-party web client to access your account, or when you give us permission to make information public.



	Within the Inflection Family of Products


	Other Inflection products may use your information, but only in ways that are consistent with this Privacy Policy.



	To Provide Certain Services


	We use certain trusted third parties to provide certain services for us. We may share your information with these third parties, but when we do, we will only share the minimum amount of information necessary to provide the service. In addition, any third-party service provider we use is required to give your information the same protections that are outlined here in this Privacy Policy.



	Public, Anonymous and Aggregated Data


	We may share or disclose information that is non-private, anonymously aggregated, or otherwise non-personal.



	Testimonials


	We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements.  With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name.  If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@peoplesmart.com.



	Business Transfers


	In the event that Inflection is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The obligations of this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to the new entity after the sale or transfer.



	Fraud and Abuse Prevention


	We partner with certain third party vendors to prevent fraud and abuse. When you make a purchase, we analyze your payment information and unique device identifiers (including, but not limited to, IP address, geographical location, browser and operating system settings, and device ID) to identify suspected fraudulent activity and block it.


	When we detect suspected fraud or abuse, we may share information associated with that particular transaction or event (including, but not limited to, payment information, email addresses, and unique device identifiers) with our security partners or law enforcement for further investigation.



	Legal Compliance and Harm Prevention


	We may preserve or share your information in the following circumstances:


When required by law, regulation, or legal request such as a warrant or subpoena
When we believe it is reasonably necessary in urgent situations to protect the well-being or safety of any individual
To address fraud, security, or technical issues
To protect Inflection’s rights or property


	Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party or government request to disclose your information.


	If you are a law enforcement officer seeking information from Inflection about one of our users, please reference our Law Enforcement Guidelines for further information.



	How do I access and control my personal information?



	Access and Choice


	You may use your account to access, correct, or change any personal information you have provided to us or that is associated with your account. You may also email our Privacy Team at privacy@peoplesmart.com. We will respond to your request within 30 days.


	We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.  We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.



	Communication Preferences


	We may send you information about our products, notify you of any changes to your account, or send confirmations, technical notices, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages, and marketing emails.


	If you would like to stop receiving newsletters and marketing emails from PeopleSmart please provide us with the email address you would like to unsubscribe by emailing privacy@peoplesmart.com or calling 1-888-813-0008. Please note that you may still receive account and billing notices from us, if applicable.



	Compliance Notices



	California Do Not Track Disclosure


	When you browse our website, we may use trusted third-party tools to analyze website usage, monitor performance, and prevent fraud. All analytics and performance data collected by third-party tools is anonymous. We may use these tools regardless of whether or not you enable the Do Not Track setting in your browser.


	Fraud prevention tools may collect personally identifiable information regardless of whether or not you enable the Do Not Track setting in your browser; however, this data is used specifically for fraud and abuse prevention and will never be used for marketing purposes.



	California Information-Sharing Disclosure


	We do not share your personal information with third parties for their own use without your permission.



	Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act


	PeopleSmart complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) where it applies to our information collection practices. This website is not directed to individuals under the age of 18. We do not actively or knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we discover that we have collected personal information on a child under the age of 13 without proper consent, we will promptly remove that information from our systems.



	Changes to this Privacy Policy


	We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice posted to this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.



	Contact Information


	If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you can contact us by emailing privacy@peoplesmart.com, calling 1-888-813-0008, or writing to us at:


	PeopleSmart.com 
	ATTN: Privacy Department 
	P.O. Box 391146 
	Omaha, NE 68139


		PeopleSmart maintains offices at 555 Twin Dolphin Drive #200, Redwood City, CA 94065.
	




About
Manage Your Listing
Affiliate Program
Help Center
Privacy Education
How We Think About Privacy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Opt-Out Policy
Payment Policy
FCRA Regulations
Contact Us
Sitemap









Explore
Home
Join
Sign In
Manage Listing


Directories
Find People
Court Records
Criminal Records
County Records


Company
About
Blog
Privacy Education
Affiliates


Support
Help
Sitemap




 

Get Privacy News and Alerts






















Thank You.
You have been subscribed.





Follow PeopleSmart














			PeopleSmart is designed to help you find and connect with others. Search by name, email, phone number, and address. PeopleSmart is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). To learn more, please see our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Information offered by PeopleSmart is not to be used for assessing or evaluating a person's eligibility for employment, housing, insurance, credit, or for any other purpose covered under the FCRA. Visit GoodHire.com for all your employment screening needs.
		















	All rights reserved. © 2015 PeopleSmart












