




Privacy Policy | Crate and Barrel



















 


 










Your Account
 


Sign In


Overview
Favorites
Gift Registry
Sign Out


 
             SHIP TO 
            
United States


CB2The Land of Nod
800.967.6696

STORES





Search
Search

Submit Search









Halloween


Thanksgiving


Blog


Gift Ideas


New


Gift Registry
Gift Registry


Give a Gift


Give a Gift







Find a Registry





Manage My Registry
Sign In


Registry Benefits


Registry Bonus Gifts


Registry Checklist





Create a Registry
Start Now


Top 5 Reasons to Register


The Wedding PartiesⓇ Events


Registry FAQs









Checkout 


Cart

0
 











Furniture

                    Furniture
                

 
Living Room Furniture
Living Room Collections
Sofas
Sleeper Sofas
Sectional Sofas
Chairs
Chaises
Ottomans & Cubes
Benches
Coffee Tables & Side Tables
TV Stands & Media Consoles
Storage Cabinets
Bar Cabinets & Bar Carts
Stackable Storage

 
Dining & Kitchen Furniture
Dining Room Collections
Dining Tables
Dining Chairs
Bar Stools
Chair Cushions
Dining Benches
Buffets & Sideboards
Kitchen Islands & Carts

 
Bedroom Furniture
Bedroom Collections
Beds & Headboards
Mattresses & Box Springs
Nightstands
Dressers & Chests
Armoires
Bedroom Benches
Mirrors


Home Office Furniture
Desks
Office Chairs
Bookcases
Filing Cabinets & Credenzas

 
Entryway Furniture
Chests & Cabinets
Entryway Tables
Entryway Benches
Coat Racks
Shelves & Shelving


Outdoor Furniture


Furniture Care Products


Kids Furniture


Top Rated Furniture







Create Your Own TableShop Now 

Ideas and Advice
Make an Entry
Mid-Century Refined
Petite Space Savers





Outdoor

                    Outdoor
                

 
Outdoor Furniture Collections


Outdoor Furniture by Type
Dining Furniture
Lounge Furniture
Furniture Cushions
Furniture Covers
Furniture Cleaners
Patio Umbrellas
Sectionals


Outdoor Furniture by Material
Metal
Wood
Resin Wicker

 
Outdoor Entertaining
Outdoor Tabletop
Barbecue & Grilling
Picnic & Beach


Outdoor Accessories


Top Rated Outdoor







Light the Summer NightShop Now 

Ideas and Advice
Our Favorite Outdoor Games
Pop-up Picnic
Outdoor Bar Essentials





Dining & Entertaining

                    Dining & Entertaining
                

 
Dinnerware
Dinnerware Collections
Dinner Plates
Salad Plates
Individual Bowls
Coffee Mugs & Tea Cups
Appetizer & Dessert Plates
Buffet & Charger Plates


Flatware
Flatware Patterns
Serving Pieces
Steak Knives

 
Drinkware
Wine Glasses
Champagne Flutes
Drinking Glasses
Barware & Cocktail
Beer Glasses
Martini Glasses
Margarita Glasses
Cordial & Shot Glasses
Acrylic Glasses
Bar Accessories
Wine Accessories
Coffee Mugs & Teacups

 
Serveware
Serving Platters
Serving Bowls
Teapots
Pitchers & Decanters
Serving Baskets
Cheese Boards & Knives
Serving Trays
Casseroles
Chip & Dips
Gravy Boats
Specialty Serveware

 
Table Linens
Placemats
Tablecloths
Napkins
Table Runners
Napkin Rings
Place Card Holders


Picnic & Beach


Dining Furniture


Top Rated Dining & Entertaining







Now Trending: Copper ServewareShop Now

Ideas and Advice
Family Game Night
Ramen Ready
Designer Spotlight: Carter McGuyer





Kitchen

                    Kitchen
                

 
Shop by Brand


Cookware & Bakeware
Cookware Sets
Individual Cookware
Enamel Cookware
Bakeware
Griddles & Grill Pans
Roasters & Lasagna Pans
Dutch Ovens
Woks
Pizza Pans
Specialty Cookware
Pot Racks

 
Cutlery
Knife Sets
Open Stock Knives
Steak Knives
Knife Sharpeners
Knife Storage


Grilling


Appliances & Electrics
Juicers
Blenders
Food Processors
Mixers
Toasters & Toaster Ovens
Specialty Appliances

 
Kitchen Accessories
Baking Utensils
Cooking Utensils
Prep Utensils & Gadgets
Mixing Bowls
Cutting Boards
Thermometers & Timers
Wine & Bar Utensils
Food Storage
Salt & Pepper
Cookbooks
Colanders & Salad Spinners
Trash Cans
Utility & Kitchen Helpers

 
Coffee & Tea
Coffee Makers
Pour Over & French Press
Espresso Makers
Teapots & Teakettles
Coffee & Tea Accessories
Coffee Mugs & Teacups


Kitchen Linens


Gourmet Food & Beverages


Top Rated Kitchen







Easy as PieShop Now

Ideas and Advice
Now Trending: Pour Over Coffee Makers
Make Your Own Pizza Party
Le Creuset Color Spectrum





Decor & Pillows

                    Decor & Pillows
                

 
Pillows & Throws
Decorative Pillows
Outdoor Pillows
Pillow Inserts
Throws


Candle Holders & Vases
Candle Holders
Candles
Vases

 
Wall Decor & Mirrors
Mirrors
Prints
Wall Art
Clocks
Picture Frames
Display Shelves & Picture Ledges

 
Home Accessories
Baskets
Botanicals & Plants
Sculpture
Centerpiece Bowls
Trays & Platters
Office Accessories
Fireplace Accessories
Games
Home Accents


Top Rated Decor & Pillows







The New Comforts of HomeShop Now

Ideas and Advice
Fall Market Stand
Touch of Texture
Color Trend: Indigo





Rugs & Curtains

                    Rugs & Curtains
                

 
Rugs
All Rugs
Area Rugs
Outdoor Rugs
Rug Runners
Bath Rugs
Door Mats
Rug Pads


Curtains & Hardware
Curtains
Curtain Hardware


Top Rated Rugs & Curtains







What's New: Rag RugsShop Now

Ideas and Advice
Designer Spotlight: Josi Severson
Customize Your Rug
Step It Up With a New Rug





Lighting

                    Lighting
                

 
Table & Desk Lamps


Floor Lamps


Pendant Lighting


Sconces


Light Bulbs


Outdoor Lighting


Top Rated Lighting







A Sophisticated GlowShop Pendants

Ideas and Advice
Metallic Trend: Brass
Designer Spotlight: Blake Tovin
Best Lamps for the Bedside





Bed & Bath

                    Bed & Bath
                

 
Bedding
All Bedding
Duvet Covers & Duvet Inserts
Quilts & Coverlets
Blankets
Sheets
Bed Pillows
Mattress Pads & Covers


Bath
Bath Towels
Bath Rugs
Bath Accessories
Shower Curtains & Rings
Bath Mirrors

 
Bedroom Furniture


Top Rated Bed & Bath






Color Trend: BluesShop Now

Ideas and Advice
Bedding Planner
Bedrooms We Love
Add a Splash of Stripes to the Bath





Organization

                    Organization
                

 
Furniture
TV Stands & Media Consoles
Bookcases
Storage Benches
Storage Ottomans
Bar Cabinets & Bar Carts
Storage Cabinets
Filing Cabinets
Dressers & Chests
Armoires
Nightstands
Entryway Furniture
MAX Modular Shelving

 
Kitchen
Food Storage
Utility Storage
Pot Racks
Kitchen Islands & Carts
Shelving


Bath


Cleaning


Vacuums


Closet


Laundry


Step Stools


Travel Accessories

 
Storage Accessories
Storage Baskets & Bins
Magazine Racks
Home Office Accessories
Shelves & Shelving
Coat Racks


Top Rated Organization







A New Slant on StorageLearn More

Ideas and Advice
3 Ways to Use the Stow Ottoman
Kitchen Storage Essentials
Top Rated Organization





Sale
Sale

 
Limited Time Offers
15% off Upholstery


Special Offers & Rebates
KitchenAid
Wüsthof
Breville


Clearance
New Clearance
Clearance Furniture
Clearance Dining & Entertaining
Clearance Kitchen
Clearance Decor
Clearance Bed & Bath
Clearance Organization & Cleaning

 
Outlet
Outlet Furniture
Outlet Dining & Entertaining
Outlet Kitchen
Outlet Accessories
Outlet Outdoor
Outlet Christmas
Outlet Christmas Ornaments


Free Shipping
All Free Shipping
Free Shipping Kitchen
Free Shipping Table Linens
Free Shipping Curtain Panels
Free Shipping Vacuums & Utility














Home>Customer Service>Privacy Policy




Customer ServiceOverviewContact UsGift ServicesFAQsGift Registry FAQsFurniture Resource GuideShipping/DeliveryAlaska or Hawaii ShippingOrder TrackingReturns/ExchangesAssembly InstructionsPrivacy PolicyInternational OrdersOpt OutSpecial OffersSafety RecallReal Estate InquiriesSocial ResponsibilityDown/Feather PolicyFurniture Care Brochure 
Home /  Customer Service /  Privacy Policy


Privacy Policy
The front door to your home. Open, it invites and welcomes friends and family. Closed, it provides privacy and security.
Information is a "door" that we should just as thoughtfully consider before opening or closing. By sharing the Privacy Policy for Crate and Barrel, CB2 and The Land of Nod (collectively, “Crate and Barrel,” “We” or “Us”), we hope to help you understand how information can create new opportunities for our customers, as well as to reassure you that we respect and honor customer requests to restrict and protect personal information.
By using crateandbarrel.com, cb2.com, or landofnod.com (collectively, “Websites”), using our mobile apps, shopping in our stores, making a purchase from our catalogs, calling customer service, interacting with us in any way, or utilizing our services, you consent to this Privacy Policy.

Getting to Know You
Cookies Are Served
Information at Your Service
Third-Party Service Providers
Information Sharing
Your Information Sharing Choices
Update Your Information
Remove Your Name From Our Lists at Any Time
Notice to California Residents/Your California Privacy Rights
Protecting Children's Privacy
Be Careful When You Share Information with Others
Links to Websites and Services
Compliance With Laws and Law Enforcement
Information Security
Your Responsibilities
A Privacy Promise
Processing in the United States
Privacy Policy Updates
Questions Anyone?


Getting to Know You
Personal Information: 
When you make a purchase in one of our stores or on our Websites or otherwise, create an account, join our Gift Registry, participate in a sweepstakes or contest or any other promotion, post a product review, answer one of our surveys, apply for our credit card, or interact with us in any way, you may choose to give us personal information, such as: your name, email address, mailing address, ZIP code, phone number and credit card numbers. This allows us to provide you with our services, to process your transactions more efficiently and, ultimately, to give you a higher caliber of customer service. The decision to provide this information is optional. However, if you choose not to provide the requested information, you may not be able to use some or all of the features of our Websites or our services. Likewise, other companies also may forward to us additional personal information (such as, for example, names, mailing addresses and email addresses, as well as demographic and other usage information), when we have news or product offerings that may be of special interest to those individuals. We also may receive personal information through the use of social media websites and services or from other sources.
Usage and Website Activity Information:  
When you visit our websites, we may collect more information: Your Internet service provider's address, the name of the Website directing you, as well as your clicks and activity on our Websites. This anonymous usage information generally is not associated with your personal information. This tracking data helps us understand how to make our Websites more available and user-friendly to our customers.
We also gather customer information by taking note of the purchases you make. Think of it as a concierge service where customer preferences are remembered for future consideration. By looking at your purchases in context with marketing demographics or with information from companies whose products and services you may be interested in, it helps our buyers and merchandisers continue to seek out products and designs you may find relevant and unique. 
Back to Top

Cookies Are Served
"Cookies" are small amounts of data that are stored on your computer. They find their way to your browser via a Web server. Cookies flag information about your activity on our Websites. This information helps us improve our Websites and make them friendlier and easier to use. We never use cookies to save passwords, credit card numbers or other highly confidential information. However, we may use them and other tracking technologies to provide enhanced online marketing based on your interests and preferences. Our systems do not recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals, but several of our service providers who utilize these cookies and other tracking technologies on our Websites enable you to opt out of this type of advertising. To opt out of these ads, please click here. Please also see the “Third Party Service Providers” section of this Privacy Policy for additional information about and options for opting out of this type of advertising. We also provide you with additional tools to opt out of marketing from us or certain transfers of your information. Please see the “Your Information Sharing Choices” section and the “Remove Your Name From Our Lists at Any Time” section of this Privacy Policy for more information.
Back to Top

Information at Your Service
The personal information we collect is primarily intended to offer better customer service and to improve communications. The customer information from our brands may be combined to provide greater security and inform customers of products and services that may interest them. When a purchased item is not immediately available, many of our customers appreciate receiving an email to update the status of their order. We also may need to contact customers by phone, postal mail or email if questions arise regarding their orders.
When you shop at a Crate and Barrel store, order from our catalogs or visit us online, it is also an opportunity for you to provide us with information and feedback that helps us continue to bring new ideas, unique products and a creative approach to shopping for your home.
Back to Top

Third-Party Service Providers
In order to serve you better, we may at times contract with other companies (“Service Providers”) to help us process information. For instance, their assistance can help us better fulfill customer orders, manage, store and enhance customer data, and comply with postal regulations. For your security, these companies are bound by our nondisclosure agreements or other contractual arrangements to provide privacy protection for your information.
We use a Service Provider to send emails that you have agreed to receive. Web cookies are used in those email messages and at our Websites to help us measure the effectiveness of those emails and for other analytical purposes. You can "opt out" of this email cookie at any time by deleting your name from the Crate and Barrel email mailing list, as detailed below.
We also contract with a Service Provider to help us assess visitation to our Websites. To do this, we place small pixel tags and cookies on our Websites. While these do allow our Service Provider to track your visits, the data retrieved cannot be used for any reason without our authorization. Although our Service Provider logs the information about your visit, we control how that data may and may not be used. You can opt out of this Website analysis tool by clicking here. 
Please visit the Network Advertising Initiative (http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) to learn more about the use of this information by our Service Provider or to choose limited use of this information by opting out of interest-based online advertising.
Back to Top

Information Sharing
Information sharing can provide a valuable type of consumer networking. By helping to make new connections and introduce new resources to our customers, you may discover new opportunities and products compatible with your interests and needs. With that end in mind, your customer information may be shared with other select companies whose products and services you may find useful.
Information sharing also helps us to guard against potential fraud and other wrongdoing. We review transactions internally on a regular basis to identify potential concerns, and we partner with select outside companies to further enhance our ability to ensure that fraudulent orders and/or potentially damaging worms, viruses and other types of malware do not interfere with our ability to provide the best possible products, value and services to you and to our other valued customers.
Back to Top

Your Information Sharing Choices
We appreciate and respect that not all customers may wish to benefit from the opportunity to share information with other select companies. If you do not want Crate and Barrel to share your personal information for marketing purposes, please immediately contact us and we will remove your name from lists we share with other companies. When contacting us, please clearly state your request, including your name, mailing address, email address and phone number. After we process your request, your personal information will no longer be shared for marketing purposes.
It is important to understand that with some companies or online partners, your information must be shared in order to receive their services.
For instance, when you order a large furniture item, we may send your name, address, email address and phone number to our shipping vendor, allowing you to access their online delivery scheduling system. Our vendor does not share your personal information with third parties; it is used strictly to coordinate and complete your shipment. 
Opting out of sharing your information for marketing purposes will not prevent your relevant information from being provided to shippers when you order products for delivery or from other sharing for non-marketing purposes. Similarly, this will not prevent us from sharing information as and to the extent it is combined or aggregated (in a non-personally identified manner) or otherwise analyzed by us or our Service Providers.
Your information may be shared among any or all of the Crate and Barrel brands: Crate and Barrel, CB2, and The Land of Nod.
Back to Top

Update Your Information
Updating your contact information is quick and easy. Just contact us - include your previous and current full name, mailing address, email address and phone number or make changes directly through your account. Please understand updates may take some time to process.
Back to Top

Remove Your Name From Our Lists at Any Time
To delete your name from our email contact lists, please follow these simple email opt-out instructions. Please note that, to provide you with more control of your experience with us, opting out of one brand does not automatically opt you out of our other brands.  For example, if you click through to opt out of emails from The Land of Nod, you will not be opted out of emails from Crate and Barrel or CB2; if you wish to opt out of either or both of those brands, you must visit each of their respective opt out pages and follow the opt out instructions.
To request to have your name removed from the catalog mailing list, please complete this quick catalog opt-out form. We appreciate your patience while we process your request. When you make subsequent purchases at Crate and Barrel, CB2 or The Land of Nod, you may provide contact information for customer service only, and request that your name not be forwarded to either mailing list. If you have already opted out, you do not need to opt out again; your information will not be used for purposes other than the customer service you have requested, unless you affirmatively ask to opt in again, in which case you will be opted in and will receive emails from us until you again request to be opted out.
Back to Top

Notice to California Residents/Your California Privacy Rights
As set forth in this Privacy Policy, we offer our customers the ability to opt out of sharing your personally identifiable information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, follow email opt-out instructions AND / OR catalog opt-out form, and clearly state your request, including your name, mailing address, email address and phone number. Please see the  Your Information Sharing Choices section of this Privacy Policy for additional information.
Back to Top

Protecting Children's Privacy
Crate and Barrel adheres to a strict privacy code regarding children and does not knowingly accept personal information from any child under the age of 13. If it is brought to our attention that we have inadvertently received personal information from a child under 13, we will immediately remove all personal and identifiable information from our records in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. In addition, we will not disclose this information to any other companies.
Back to Top

Be Careful When You Share Information with Others
Please be aware that whenever you share information on a publicly available area of our Websites, such as in a product review, that information may be accessed by others. In addition, please remember that when you share information in any other communications with third parties, that information may be passed along or made public by others. This means that anyone with access to such information can potentially use it for any purpose, including sending unsolicited communications. 
Back to Top

Links to Sites and Services
At times, we provide links our customers may be interested in, including links to social media sites such as, for example, Facebook, Twitter or Pinterest. Crate and Barrel is not responsible for these websites, which have their own privacy policies and privacy practices to which you may be subject. When visiting our presence on social media or other tools, you will be subject to those websites’ privacy policies. If you visit our Websites through a link from another website, you may be subject to that website’s privacy policy as well. If you choose to explore these websites and services, we suggest that you carefully review their individual privacy policies. See our Terms of Use  for further information about use of social media.
Back to Top

Compliance With Laws and Law Enforcement
Crate and Barrel cooperates with government and law-enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose personal information and any other information about you to government or law-enforcement officials or private parties if, in our discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas); to protect the safety, property or rights of Crate and Barrel or of any third party; to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; or to comply with the law.
Back to Top

Information Security
We take our customers’ personal information seriously and take steps to protect our customers' personal information against loss, misuse, alteration and unauthorized access. We use encryption technology whenever receiving and transferring your payment information on our Websites.
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES
When you make a purchase online, either a solid key or a locked padlock icon will appear in the lower right of your browser window. This icon indicates that your transaction session is secured through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). If one of these icons does not appear, please contact Crate and Barrel at (800) 967-6696 to complete your purchase.
Back to Top

Your Responsibilities
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer.  You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password.  As a result, it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a computer that others may have access to.
Back to Top

A Privacy Promise
We support and adhere to the guidelines and practices adopted by the Direct Marketing Association's Privacy Promise and the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. In doing so, we agree to comply with a customer's requests to not share their information with other companies or to contact them for marketing purposes by postal mail, telephone, email or through online behavioral advertising.
If at any time, as a customer, you believe Crate and Barrel is not committed to its Privacy Policy, please contact us. You also may contact the DMA’s Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org.
Back to Top

Processing in the United States
Please be aware that your personal information and communications may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province or country. If you are located outside the United States, please be advised that we process and store all information in the United States. The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location. By using our Websites or our services, you agree that the collection, use, transfer and disclosure of your personal information and communications will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.
Back to Top

Privacy Policy Updates
Efforts to bring new services, ideas and partners to benefit our customers may make it necessary to amend our Privacy Policy. If this occurs, we will post the new policy on our Websites and in our stores. Once posted, the new policy will go into effect immediately, replacing any previously stated policy. Your continued use of our Websites or services constitutes your consent to the revised Privacy Policy.
Back to Top

Questions Anyone?
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, we will do our best to answer them. Here's how to contact us:

Phone:
        Customer Service Department
        (800) 237-5672
        Monday - Sunday, 7 days a week
    

Email:
customer_service@crateandbarrel.com


Address:
        Crate and Barrel
        Customer Service Department
        1860 W. Jefferson Avenue
        Naperville, IL 60540-3918
    
Last Updated, December 13th 2013










Find a Store 


Gift Cards



Catalogs



Your Account



Sweepstakes



Designer Rewards





Email Sign Up




Get it first. Sign up now for up-to-the-minute offers, sales and news.Thanks.

Get it first. Sign up now for up-to-the-minute offers, sales and news.Thanks.

  Save 10% today* when you sign up to receive emails. Thanks. A promo code to save 10% off will arrive in your inbox shortly.

Get it first. Sign up now for up-to-the-minute offers, sales and news.Thanks.
Thanks. Nice to see you again.You’re already on our email list, so you’ll continue to hear first about our new products and special offers.





Submit Email

Submit Email

Submit Email

Submit Email



 

 

*Offer valid on full-price items, excludes furniture; U.S. only. Must be new email subscriber. Enter your email address to receive a promo code in your inbox.   

 





Customer Service
Order Tracking
Shipping/Delivery
Returns/Exchanges
Social Responsibility
Resource Guides


About Us
Careers
Rebuilding Together
Business Sales
Safety Recall


Crate and Barrel
Credit Card

Manage Your Account


Contact Us
Feedback



Facebook


Twitter


Pinterest


Google Plus


Instagram


Houzz


Youtube


Wanelo
















Terms of Use

Privacy Policy

Site Index

Ad Choices
©2015 Crate and Barrel. All Rights Reserved.




Crate and Barrel






We're here to help
24/7 Customer Service
(800) 967-6696

Back to Top













