

















Office Supplies, Furniture, Technology at Office Depot









































SEG1
hp











					800-GO-DEPOT
				
Office Depot Business Solution
OfficeMax Workplace

Corporate/Government



Office Depot Business Solution
OfficeMax Workplace




Order by Item #


Track Your Order
								



Login or Register



Weekly Ad





 Office Depot Deals








41U-cd6k8ZItdLnWcbIZowS





















Recommended Products













																			Category Matches
																		












																			Your recent searches
																		
























Stores


Account


My Lists


Cart












Office Supplies








Paper








Ink & Toner








Breakroom








Cleaning








Technology








Furniture








School Supplies








Copy & Print








$
				Deals





















Don't show this again
Privacy Policy












×










Product Plans & Leasing Options
Page
of
There are no items in your cart.
Previous
Next
$
Coupon Code:
ZIP CODE
You have not selected a store or a zipcode yet
Your Coupons
See all coupons
Includes Coupon(s)
Qty.
Product
Price
Price With Tax
item(s)
Your Price:
Quick View
See More Results


http://static.www.odcdn.com/images/us/od/lb_loading.gif
	od

Please enter a quantity




	true
	

	true
	






Facebook
			



Tweet
			



Linked In
			



Google+
			



Pin It
			











Customer Service  >  Terms of use




TERMS OF USE (CLICK HERE FOR MOBILE TERMS OF USE)
Welcome to the Office Depot Internet site (referred to collectively with all other websites and mobile text programs operated by Office Depot, Inc. and/or one of its affiliates or subsidiaries as the "Site"). Please review these Site terms of use as they govern your use of and purchase of products from our Site. BY ACCESSING, BROWSING, OR USING THIS SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE. 
Office Depot controls and operates this Site from its offices within the United States. Claims relating to, including the use of, this Site and the materials contained herein are governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Florida, without regard for its conflicts of law provisions. Office Depot and you agree that the Circuit Court of the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit in and for Palm Beach County, Florida or the Southern District of Florida, West Palm Beach Division, as applicable, will have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any claims or disputes arising out of or related to these Terms of Use. You expressly submit and consent in advance to such jurisdiction in any action or suit commenced in such court, and you hereby waive any objection that you may have based upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue or forum non conveniens. If you do not agree, please do not use this Site. If you choose to access this Site from another location, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. 
Except for the historical information contained herein, Office Depot matters discussed are forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in Office Depot's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Office Depot's most recent Forms 10-K and 10-Q. 

SITE CONTENTS, OWNERSHIP, AND USE RESTRICTIONS
The information contained in this Site including all images, illustrations, designs, photographs, video clips, writings and other materials that appear herein are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress or other intellectual property owned, controlled, or licensed (all of which, collectively, are herein referred to as the "Contents") by Office Depot or its subsidiaries and affiliates ("Office Depot") or are the property of their respective owners. One or more patents may apply to this website, including without limitation: U.S. Patent Nos. 5,528,490; 5,761,649; 7,908,173; and 7,908,176. The name Office Depot and the Office Depot logo are registered marks of The Office Club, Inc. 
Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute, download, and print in hard copy portions of this Site for the purposes of:
(1) placing an order with Office Depot; or 
(2) using this Site as a shopping resource, provided you do not modify the Site and that you retain, without modification, all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the Contents. 
Except in connection with shopping or placing an order, none of the Contents may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, performed, modified, posted electronically or mechanically, transmitted, recorded, or in any manner mirrored without the prior written permission of Office Depot or the applicable copyright owner. 
Please note that the permission granted herein terminates automatically if you breach any of these Site terms or conditions. Any other use of the Contents on this Site other than as noted above may violate copyright or trademark laws, and, without the prior written permission of Office Depot, is strictly prohibited. 
If you choose to leave this Site via links to other non-Office Depot sites, Office Depot is not responsible for the terms of use, privacy policies or the cookies those sites use. Additionally, because Office Depot does not control non-Office Depot sites or the products advertised therein, you acknowledge and agree that Office Depot is not responsible for the availability of such non-Office Depot sites or products, and is neither responsible nor liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites. In no event shall any reference to any non-Office Depot site, product or service be construed as an approval or endorsement by Office Depot of such site, product or service. Please see our Privacy Policy for further details. 
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY 
OFFICE DEPOT IS PROVIDING THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENTS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. ALTHOUGH OFFICE DEPOT BELIEVES THE CONTENT TO BE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, AND CURRENT, OFFICE DEPOT DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE ON THIS SITE IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR CURRENT. Price and availability information is subject to change without notice.
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL OFFICE DEPOT BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE FORM OF ANY ACTION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTIONS, ALL ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE, COPYING, OR DISPLAY OF THE CONTENTS OF THIS SITE. In an effort to provide our customers with the most current information, Office Depot will, from time to time, make changes in the Contents and in the products or services described on this Site. 
You agree to indemnify and hold Office Depot (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers), harmless from all claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, including reasonable attorneys' fees, costs, expenses or damages relating to defending such claims, arising out of or related to a breach of your representations and warranties set forth herein, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
ABOUT OUR PRICES  
The prices advertised on this Site are for Internet orders unless otherwise noted. Prices on some items may differ from those charged at Office Depot stores. Prices and the availability of items are subject to change without notice. Any "list prices" used on this Site are provided by product manufacturers, distributors or determined based upon comparable products and are subject to change. Your purchase price may vary. 
We reserve the right to limit sales, including the right to prohibit sales to re-sellers. While we make every effort to provide accurate information, inaccuracies or errors may occur. We are not responsible for such errors. We reserve the right to make changes, corrections, and/or improvements to the information contained on this Site and to the products and programs described in such information, at any time without notice. 
There may be certain orders that we are either unable to accept or must cancel. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason, including those made to resellers. Possible circumstances involving our canceling an order may be limitations on quantities available for purchase or inaccuracies or errors in product or pricing information. 
Promotion pricing, including but not limited to, Instant Savings, Coupon Savings, Mail-In Savings, and Bundled Savings, that is available on www.officedepot.com is not available for orders placed on business.officedepot.com. 
For compliance with select California and Texas laws and for financial reporting purposes, all sales shipped to California and Texas customers are made by eDepot, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Office Depot, Inc. California sales are F.O.B. destination point.  Texas sales tax is based on the location where the order was received.
USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK, AND OTHER INFORMATION AND SUBMISSIONS PROVIDED BY YOU
You agree that any material, information, and ideas that you transmit to this Site or otherwise provide to Office Depot ("Transmissions") shall be and remain Office Depot's property. By submitting any Transmissions to Office Depot, you represent and warrant that: 

you are the sole author and owner of the Transmission and any intellectual property rights thereto; 
all "moral rights" that you may have in such Transmission have been voluntarily waived by you; 
all Transmissions that you post are accurate; 
you are at least 13 years old; and 
use of the Transmission you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not cause injury to any person or entity. 


You further agree and warrant that you shall not submit any Transmission: 

that is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading; 
that infringes any third party's intellectual property rights or rights of publicity or privacy;
that violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation; 
that is, or may reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation; 
for which you were compensated or granted any consideration by any third party; 
that includes any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone numbers; or 
that contains any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files. 

For any Transmission, you grant Office Depot a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, display, perform, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, sell and/or distribute such content, and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world without compensation to you. 
Office Depot reserves the right to change, condense or delete any Transmission that Office Depot deems, in its sole discretion, to violate the content guidelines or any other provision of these Terms of Use. Office Depot does not guarantee that you will have any recourse through Office Depot to edit or delete any Transmission you have submitted. Office Depot reserves the right to remove or to refuse to post any Transmission for any reason. You acknowledge that you, not Office Depot, are responsible for the contents of your Transmission. None of the content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of Office Depot, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees. 
By submitting your email address in connection with your Transmission, you agree that Office Depot and its third party service providers may use your email address to contact you about the status of your Transmission and other administrative purposes. 

NOTICE AND TAKE DOWN PROCEDURES
If you believe any materials ("Materials") on the Site infringe your copyright or trademark rights, you may request such Materials be removed by following the notice and take down procedures of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. To follow those procedures, contact the Office of the General Counsel at Office Depot (address below) and provide the following information:  

A clear statement identifying the works, or other materials believed to be infringed. 
A statement from the intellectual property owner ("Owner") or authorized representative that the Materials are believed to be infringing and not authorized by the Owner. 
Sufficient information about the location of the allegedly infringing Materials so that Office Depot can find and verify its existence. 
Your name, telephone number and e-mail address. 
A statement from you under penalty of perjury that the information supplied is accurate, and that you are authorized to act on the Owner's behalf. 
A signature or the electronic equivalent from the Owner or authorized representative. 

Office Depot's agent for notice of copyright or trademark issues on the Site can be reached as follows: 

Office Depot, Inc.
6600 North Military Trail
Boca Raton, FL 33496
Attn: Office of the General Counsel
Office Depot shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, or marketing products incorporating such information. You further agree that Office Depot may use information about your demographics and use of this Site in any manner that does not reveal your identity. 
SECURITY 
In using this Site you agree to the following: 
(a) you will not use any device, software, or other instrumentality to disrupt, damage or interfere with or attempt to disrupt, damage or interfere with the proper functioning of this Site; 
(b) you will not to violate or attempt to violate the security of this Site, including, without limitation, (i) logging onto an account that you are not authorized to access; (ii) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mail bombing" or "crashing"; or (iii) attempt to transmit any "virus", "Trojan horse" or other software destruction or disruption device; and 
(c) you will not intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable international, federal, state or local law, including but not limited to any regulations applicable to your use of this Site. 

TERMS OF USE REVISIONS 
Office Depot may revise these terms of use by updating this posting. You agree that in the event any portion of these Site terms of use is found to be unenforceable, the remainder of these Site terms and conditions shall remain in full force and effect. By using this Site you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the current terms of use to which you are bound. 

MOBILE TERMS OF USE
Welcome to Office Depot Inc.'s Mobile Alert Program (the "Program"). These Mobile Terms of Use describe our Program and available codes. Please review these Mobile Terms of Use which govern your use of the Program, including but not limited to the ongoing alert program and one-time text offers. BY ACCESSING, BROWSING, OR USING THE PROGRAM, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT: (1) YOU ARE THE MOBILE PHONE ACCOUNT HOLDER OR HAVE THE ACCOUNT HOLDER'S PERMISSION TO SUBSCRIBE AND (2) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE THE PROGRAM. You are also subject to and agree to comply with Office Depot's general Terms of Use.

ONGOING ALERT PROGRAMS
Office Depot Offers 
Text OFFER to 33768 to join Office Depot Offers. 5 msgs/mo. Msg&Data; Rates May Apply.
 
PROGRAM DETAILS AND RESTRICTIONS
By subscribing to the Program by texting OFFER, or another general keyword, to 33768 (DEPOT), you consent to receiving text messages from Office Depot, Inc., 5 per month for Office Depot Offers or additional text messages, from time to time, as indicated in any one-time alert program. By subscribing to the Program, you may receive Office Depot, Inc. alerts, polls, advertisements, coupons, promotions, and/or information regarding giveaways, sweepstakes, and contests.
If your device does not support MMS alerts then you will receive an SMS alert.
Texts may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent to receive marketing text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services.
To unsubscribe at any time from the Program, reply STOP to any of our messages, text STOP to 33768, or contact us at mailoptout@officedepot.com to stop receiving Office Depot Offers messages from Office Depot, Inc. If you have any questions, reply HELP to any of our messages, text HELP to 33768, or contact us at mailoptout@officedepot.com or call 1-800-463-3768.
Message & Data Rates May Apply. All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. Office Depot, Inc. does not charge for sending or receiving messages to 33768. Office Depot, Inc. is not liable for any delays in the receipt of any messages as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator. Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS service may include your mobile phone number, your carrier's name, your opt-out status, and the date, time, and content of your messages. We may use this information to contact you and to provide you with the Program services. All data obtained is subject to our Privacy Policy.   
The Program is available on these SMS supported carriers:  AT&T;, T-Mobile®, Verizon, Sprint, U.S. Cellular, Boost Mobile, Cricket, Virgin Mobile, Iowa Wireless, Metro PCS, ACS Wireless, West Central Cellular, Ntelos, Bluegrass, Plateau Wireless, AWCC, Cincinnati Bell, Cellular South, Carolina West Wireless, Immix Wireless/Keystone Wireless, Golden State Cellular, Cellcom, ECIT, GCI/Alaska Digitel, Inland Cellular, Illinois Valley, Nex-Tech, Chat Mobility, NW Missouri Cellular, NE Cellular One of PA, Element Wireless, MTPCS, Thumb Cellular, Viaero Wireless.
The Program is available on these MMS Supported Carriers:  AT&T;, Cricket, T-Mobile®, Sprint, Verizon, U.S. Cellular.

ABOUT OUR TEXT OFFERS
Unless otherwise noted, the following terms and conditions apply. Unless otherwise noted, the prices and offers advertised through the Program are valid only at www.officedepot.com, by phone or fax, or in-store. To redeem in-store, show the Office Depot, Inc. text message containing a coupon code ("cc") to the cashier at time of purchase. Coupons are valid on regularly priced items in stores. For phone or fax orders, use the 8-digit cc. To redeem online, visit www.officedepot.com/cart/addCoupon.do and enter the 8-digit cc; savings will appear at checkout. Coupons cannot be combined with Store Purchasing or Procurement Card and cannot be used as account payments. Coupons are good for one-time use only, are not transferable, are not for resale or auction and cannot be combined with other offers or promotions. We reserve the right to limit quantities sold to each customer. Limit 1 coupon per household/business. Void where prohibited.
General offers for dollars off a purchase or a percentage off a purchase are not valid for purchases: 1) made in Office Depot convenience/clearance/closing stores; 2) of gift or prepaid cards; 3) of any technology or consumer electronic products and accessories or media and software products; 4) of performance protection plans and essentials kits; 5) of postage or mailing/shipping services; 6) of HP ink or toner; 7) of Epson ink; 8) of cardfolio® business cards; 9) of Tech Depot Services or third party services; or 10) premiums or free gifts with purchase.

MOBILE TERMS OF USE REVISIONS 
Office Depot, Inc. may revise these Mobile Terms of Use by updating this posting. You agree that in the event any portion of the Mobile Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable, the remainder of the Mobile Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect. By using the Program you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the current Mobile Terms of Use to which you are bound.

Privacy Policy
Office Depot, Inc. respects your right to privacy. You can view our privacy policy here.













Give them a gift card.
Never expires, ships for free


Sign up for a credit card
and get special financing options


10% back in reward points on ink, toner,
paper and copy/print/ship purchases




 1-800-GO-DEPOT
(1-800-463-3768) 


 Live Chat


 Signup to receive
Special Offers
to your inbox


 Signup to receive
Special Offers
to your Mobile Phone


     







PRODUCTS

Ativa®
Foray & trade
Gift & Rewards Cards
Greener Office
Products A-Z
Top Categories
Write a Product Review






BUSINESS SERVICES

Business Form Templates
Business Solutions Center
Copy & Print Depot™
MaxAssurance
Prevention of Online Threats
Property Damage Protection
Small Business Handbook
Security Solutions
Shredding Services
Tech Depot & trade Services
Tech Trade-In





ABOUT US

Find a Store
About Office Depot®
Affiliate Program
CA Supply Chain Disclosure
Careers
Compliance and Ethics
Diversity
FAQs
Government Programs
Investor Relations
Media Relations
Office Depot Foundation
Women in Business





CUSTOMER SERVICE

Customer Service
Customer Survey
Delivery Info
Mail-in Savings Center
Order by item#
Order Tracking
Recall Notices
Refunds and Exchanges
Reorder
Request a Catalog
Website Feedback





SPECIAL PROGRAMS

Give Back to Schools Program
Environmental Programs


MOBILE APPS
  



Site Map
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Office Depot Tracking Tools
Office Depot Anywhere
International
Grand & Toy Canada

Norton Secure
Your information is protected by
Norton encryption






Copyright © 2015 by Office Depot, Inc. All rights reserved.  

	
	
		Prices shown are in U.S. Dollars. Please login for your pricing.
	
  Prices are subject to change. All use of the site is subject to the Terms of Use. Prices and offers on www.officedepot.com may not apply to purchases made on business.officedepot.com. See Terms of Use details.


                        
                        	












			Session Timeout Warning
		

			900
		
false

			Continue
		


Your session will time out in 120 seconds.
You will be automatically logged out if you do not click on the button below.









http://officedepot.ugc.bazaarvoice.com
2563
http://static.www.odcdn.com/images/us/od/












This promotion is for loyalty members only. If you want to take advantage of exclusive offers like these, join Office Depot® OfficeMax® Rewards now! Already a member? sign in here.




