



Your Privacy Rights

















































This statement applies to the websites operated by Lexus, a division of Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. (Lexus) online.




          Lexus Personal Information Sharing Practices - 2014
          
During 2014, Lexus shared Personal Information about our customers with SiriusXM™ Satellite Radio, Lexus hotel partners, Lexus Financial Services, Lexus Financial Savings Bank and our authorized Lexus dealers, where the information was used for the recipient’s own marketing.







Information Collected



We collect personal information you choose to provide which may include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and phone number together with certain demographic information from you in connection with surveys or from commercially available services.
We collect and store "usage information" about how you use our Sites, such as the name of your Internet service provider, the browser and type of machine you are using, the IP address and the website that referred you to us and the pages you visit to help manage the Sites.
We and our advertising service providers use cookies and web beacons to manage the Sites, tailor our communications with you, and personalize your experience on the Sites.




Uses and Sharing



We use personal information to provide you with services or information you request, such as new–vehicle information alerts, promotions and mailed brochures.
We also use personal information when you request to participate in promotional activities such as sweepstakes, contests, games, special events, blogs and chats.
We share personal information with our service providers and business partners to assist us in fulfilling your requests and providing features and services for the Sites.
We also share personal information with companies affiliated with Lexus and our authorized dealers, dealer advertising associations and distributors for their own use.
If you choose to participate in a Program, your Personal Information may also be shared with our Program partners and may be used by our Program partners if you indicate your interest in receiving communications directly from that company.
We, web publishers and other websites on which we advertise may target advertisements for products and services in which you might be interested based on your visits to both the Sites and other websites.
We may use third-party ad network providers to help present ads on the Platforms, as well as other service providers to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the Platforms and viewing of our content. We do not share Personal Information with these providers (unless, of course, you give us permission).






Your Privacy Rights, Choice and Access



You have the right to have a copy of the personal information you provide.
You have the right to correct or update your personal information.
You may instruct Lexus to remove you from our programs you have subscribed to by using the unsubscribe link provided in our e-mail programs or by contacting us.




Important Information


Children. Lexus does not seek information from children under the age of 13.

Acceptance. By using the Sites, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.





How to Contact Us


To contact us with a question, call us at1-800-25-LEXUS or mail your inquiry to:
 
               Lexus
               P.O. Box 2991 – Mail Drop L201
               Torrance, CA 90509-2991
            
To read more about contact informationclick here.






















