 Capital One | Online Privacy Practices
















Skip to main content






 






Search
Need locations? Find branches & ATMs here.







Search for Products & More




Start typing to reveal suggestions. Use the up and down arrows to move between options.






  

Locations
Sign In
  

Please enter your five-digit ZIP Code
We ask for your ZIP Code as product offerings and features may differ among geographic locations. You may change your ZIP Code at any time.

ZIP Code:













Personal


Business  - Selected


Commercial  - Selected




Personal


Personal Home


Credit Cards





Find a Card


Credit Cards Home


View Top Rewards Cards


Compare Credit Cards


See if You're Pre-qualified


Small Business Credit Cards


Find the Right Card


Respond to a Mail Offer




Benefits And Services


View Cardholder Benefits


See Credit Card FAQ


Redeem and Learn About Rewards


Pay Your Bill


Learn About Credit Tracker






Bank





Personal Banking


Bank Home


Checking Accounts


Savings Accounts


Online and Mobile Banking Tools






Borrow





Mortgages & Home Equity


Borrow Home


Home Loans Overview


Mortgage Rates


Mortgage Calculators


Learn More About Mortgages


Home Equity Overview


Home Equity Loan


Home Equity Line of Credit




Auto Financing


Auto Financing Home


New & Used Auto Financing


Auto Loan Refinancing


Auto Loan Calculators


Auto Rates






Invest





Team with an Advisor


Invest Home


Why Choose Our Advisors


Wealth and Asset Management




Do It Yourself Online


Why Invest with Us


Compare Trade Prices


Plan Your Retirement


Open an Account


Sign In to Your Account






Learn


Contact




Business


Business Home


Bank





Banking Accounts


Bank Home


Business Checking


Business Savings





Financing & Credit


Business Credit Cards






Borrow





Financing & Credit


Borrow


Business Credit Cards






Invest





Investing Accounts


401(k) Plans




Banking Accounts


Business Savings







Manage





Business Services


Merchant Services






Contact




Commercial


Commercial Home


About


Industry Expertise







Commercial & Industrial


Commercial Real Estate


Energy






Healthcare


Technology


See All Industries






Solutions







Solutions Home


Commercial Lending


Depository Services


Treasury Management






Capital Markets


Private Banking & Wealth Management


Corporate Cards






Insights


Contact




Locations



Search


 







Capital One Home >
Identity Protection >
Privacy >
Privacy Practices Statement 


Capital One Online & Mobile Privacy Statement

Print
Contact Us 
Access your account
 
 





 
 
 Skip Secondary Navigation  Information Protection   Fraud & Identity Theft Prevention   Security Education Center   Fraud Victims   Commercial Banking Security   Privacy   FAQ   Resources   End of Secondary Navigation     
 
 Capital One is committed to your privacy.  Our goal is to maintain your trust and confidence when handling personal and financial information about you.
This U.S. Online & Mobile Privacy Practices Statement (“Statement”) describes Capital One’s online and mobile privacy practices and applies to anyone who visits our websites or Capital One-branded social media sites or pages, or uses our mobile applications.  The term "Capital One" or "we" or "us" or "our" in this Statement means U.S. affiliates or subsidiaries of Capital One linking to this Statement.
Information that you provide to Capital One when you apply for or obtain a product or service from us to be used primarily for personal, family or household purposes is also governed by a separate notice entitled Capital One Privacy and Opt-Out Notice.  If you are such an applicant or customer, please refer to that notice for additional information about our privacy practices.
By using this website or our mobile applications, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Statement.




Information We Collect 
How We Collect Information 
How We Use Information 
Managing Your Preferences 


Updating Your Information 
Children's Online Privacy 
Links 
Information Security 



 
Information We Collect
When you use our website or our mobile applications, we may collect data from you that generally fall into one of two categories:
“Personal Information” - Personally identifiable information you provide to us such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone or wireless phone number, social security number (used for identification purposes), or other information that identifies you.
“Online/Mobile Activity Data” - Data such as your IP address, your browser type and language, and your display/screen settings; data about how you use our website and how you interact with our website and mobile advertisements; data about your mobile device; advertising identifiers; geolocation data; social media preferences and other social media data; and other data that may be aggregated and/or de-identified (information that doesn’t identify individual consumers/customers).
How We Collect Information
When You Use or Visit Our Website
Capital One may collect information about you when you browse our website or use our online services. We may collect Personal Information when you voluntarily provide it to us through forms on our website or in our mobile applications, such as survey forms, credit card or bank account applications, contest entries, and login pages for online banking or mobile application access.
Capital One may also use cookies and other online tracking devices such as pixel tags and clear GIFs (also known as web beacons) to collect Online/Mobile Activity Data from you depending on your browser settings. Cookies are small text files that a website’s server places on your computer.  Cookies provide a means for websites that you visit to track browsing activities conducted with your computer.  A Web beacon is a small string of software code that represents a graphic image on a website or email.
Capital One may also partner with certain third parties to deliver advertisements and monitor activities on our own website and other websites.   Our partners may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile statistics about website visitors.When You Use Our Mobile AppsAdditionally, Capital One may collect Online/Mobile Activity Data when you access our mobile applications or use the browser on your mobile device to access our website.  For example, if you have enabled location services on your mobile device, we may collect geolocation data from your device.
When You Use Our Social Media PagesCapital One has official pages on social media websites such as Facebook®, Google+, Twitter®, Pinterest, Tumblr, LinkedIn and YouTube that enable consumers and customers to discuss their experiences with Capital One products and services.  We may also partner with companies that operate social media websites through which you may engage with Capital One.  When you interact with us on social media websites we may collect information such as your likes, interests, feedback and preferences. When you interact with our partners, you are subject to their terms of use and privacy policies.  We may collect information from our social media partners, but only if you choose to share with them and they, in turn, share such information with us.  Never include sensitive personal, financial or other confidential information such as your Social Security number, account number, phone number, mailing address or email address when posting or commenting online. Any posts you make on our official social media pages -- including posts that contain pictures, comments, suggestions, opinions, complaints or Personal Information -- are available to others who use those pages and are subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of the companies that operate the websites on which they appear. Please refer to the policies of those companies to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such posts.  You are also subject to this Statement and our social media guidelines when you visit our official social media pages.
How We Use Information
We may use Personal Information and Online/Mobile Activity Data we have collected for a variety of reasons.  For example, we may use this type of data:

to enable you to apply for and open Capital One products or services
to enable you to use online tools or perform certain online transactions
to service and manage your accounts including responding or updating you on inquiries or to contact you about your accounts
to offer you special products and services and deliver advertisements to you in the form of banner ads, splash ads (ads that appear as you sign on or sign off of your online accounts) or promotions based on your location
to verify your identity and/or location to allow access to your accounts, conduct online transactions and assist us in taking data security precautions and to engage in fraud prevention/detection
for business purposes, including data analysis, to improve, personalize, optimize your website browsing and mobile application experiences by examining which parts of our website you visit or which aspect of our mobile applications you find most useful, and to improve existing or develop new products and services
to comply with federal, state or local laws; civil, criminal or regulatory investigations; or other legal requirements
to share with companies within the Capital One family, and with trusted third parties who are contractually obligated to keep such information confidential and to use it only to provide the services we have asked them to perform (For a description of how Capital One may share information collected from consumers who have applied for or obtained a consumer product or service from us, please refer to the Capital One Privacy and Opt-Out Notice).

Managing Your Online and Mobile Preferences
You provide Personal Information to us on a voluntary basis and are not required to provide it in order to browse our websites.  If you provide us with Personal Information to obtain a consumer product or service from us, our Capital One Privacy and Opt Out Notice will govern how we share your Personal Information with our affiliates and third parties and will enable you to opt out of certain types of sharing.
Online Tracking & Advertising on our Sites or AppsAs you access our online services over time, cookies and similar technologies such as web beacons allow us to collect information such as browser type, pages visited, preferences, and your relationship with us.  Capital One may customize content and advertisements for our products and services on the websites or mobile apps we own. In order to make the content and advertising as informative and useful as possible, we may use information about your relationship with us (such as types of accounts, transactional information or the state in which you bank).  Currently, our website does not respond to browser “do not track” signals.  However, if you choose, you can set your website browser to inform you when cookies are sent or you may choose not to accept cookies. Your decision not to accept cookies could limit access to some of the services and offers that are available on our website.  For example, your device may not be recognized when you visit our website and, if you are an online banking customer, you may need to answer challenge questions each time you log on.  You also may not receive advertising or other offers from us that may be of interest to you.
Mobile DevicesSome mobile devices come with a non-permanent advertising identifier or ID which gives companies the ability to serve targeted ads to a specific mobile device.  In many cases, you can turn off mobile device ad tracking or you can reset the advertising identifier at any time within your mobile device privacy settings.  You may also choose to turn off location tracking on your mobile device.  By turning off ad tracking or location tracking on your mobile device, you may still see the same number of ads as before, but they may be less relevant because they will not be based on your interests.Behavioral Advertising on Third Party SitesCertain Capital One partners may use unique cookies to collect Mobile/Online Activity Data on our website or mobile applications to advertise on third party websites Capital One products and services that may be of interest to you.  Our partners are subject to their own privacy policies.  If you prefer that our partners not display such advertisements to you, you may opt out by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices or by clicking on the AdChoices icon in an advertisement and following the instructions.  You may also opt out of receiving behavioral ads from many sites through the Network Advertising Initiative's (NAI) Opt-Out Tool or other tools provided by the publishing platform.  Opting out relies on information in the unique cookies placed on your web browser by our partners, so if you delete cookies, use a different device, or change web browsers, you may need to opt out again.  Additionally, we may partner with websites like Google and Yahoo to display ads to you based on search terms you use on those websites.  Please review the privacy policies of those websites for instructions on how to limit these ads.
Please note that you may still receive general online advertising from Capital One even after you adjust your ad preferences with certain web search engines or opt out of online advertising through AdChoices or the NAI tool.  Such advertising, however, will not be based on Online/Mobile Activity Data or search term information.EmailIf we send you an email advertisement, it will include instructions on how to opt out of receiving such emails in the future.  If you are a customer and you elect to opt out of receiving email advertisements, we may still send you emails about your account relationships with us. To opt out of receiving email advertisements, you may submit your request at https://preferences.capitalone.com. If your name was previously selected for any of our upcoming email offers, it is possible for you to receive information from Capital One up to 10 business days after your request has been submitted.
If you receive an email that claims to be from us but you are not sure, or if you think it is suspicious, do not click on any of the links in the e-mail. Instead forward it to us at abuse@capitalone.com then delete it.  For more email security tips, see the Capital One Fraud and Identity Theft page www.capitalone.com/identity-protection/ 
Updating Your Information
Keeping your account information up-to-date is very important.  You may review, or update certain account information by logging into your account online.  If you cannot change the incorrect information online, or you prefer to request changes offline, please use the Contact Us option on our site, or call or write to us using the contact information listed on your account statements, records, or other account materials.
Protecting Children's Online Privacy
Capital One encourages protection of children’s information on the internet.  We do not intentionally collect personal information from children under 13 on our website without first obtaining consent from their parents or legal guardians.  For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) please refer to the FTC’s website at http://www.business.ftc.gov/privacy-and-security/children%27s-privacy.
Links
Our websites may include links to third-party websites.  These third parties are not subject to this Statement or to the Capital One Privacy and Opt Out Notice.  Whenever you visit a third-party website, you should review its privacy notice.
Information Security
At Capital One, we make your safety and security a top priority and are committed to protecting your personal and financial information.  If we collect identifying information from you, we will protect that information with controls based upon internationally recognized security standards, regulations, and industry-based best practices.
Capital One maintains customer authentication procedures to protect your personal information and account from identity theft.  These procedures are for your protection.  If you suspect a website is pretending to be a Capital One website (also known as “spoofing”)  do not enter personal information but instead contact us in a branch or through a phone number you know is associated with your account at Capital One, or by emailing abuse@capitalone.com.
For more information about our commitment to security and for tips about what you can do to help guard against fraud and identity theft, visit our Fraud and Identity Theft Prevention page at www.capitalone.com/identity-protection/security/.
Changes to this Statement
This Statement describes Capital One’s current online privacy practices.  Capital One may change its online privacy practices in the future and we may revise this Statement to reflect material changes.  This Statement was last revised May 1, 2014, and is effective as of that date. 
     
  
 Tell Me More
 Review our privacy policy 
Learn about:

Fraud and identity theft 
Mobile Security 
Electronic funds transfer protections 
Protecting yourself 
Our practices in customer communication 

  
 Report Fraud on Your Account
Contact us immediately if an unauthorized person has accessed your

Credit Card 
Bank Account 
Commercial Account 

Learn more about reporting fraud 
  
 Report Suspicious Phishing E-mail
 Ignore e-mails requesting your Capital One account or sign in information.  If you believe you have received a phishing e-mail, forward the e-mail to abuse@capitalone.com.
Learn more about reporting suspicious e-mail.
       
 





Products
Expand Products Menu

Personal Credit Cards
Business Credit Cards
Personal Banking
Small Business Banking
Commercial Banking
Home Loans
Home Equity Lines
Auto Loans
Investing
Canada
UK


About Us
Expand About Us Menu

About Capital One
Investors
Press
Investing for Good
Financial Education


Careers
Expand Careers Menu

Company Overview
How to Apply
Benefits
Interview Process
Campus Careers


Legal
Expand Legal Menu

Servicemembers Civil Relief Act
Patriot Act Cert
Subpoena Policy
Wolfsberg Questionnaire
ING Trademark Disclaimer
Additional Disclosures


Contact Us
Privacy
Security
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility





Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Linked In
Instagram





Capital One
©2015 Capital One


Member FDIC
Equal Housing Lender






Cookies are currently disabled. Please Enable your browser cookies and reload/refresh the page.






Please Use Javascript
JavaScript must be enabled on your browser for your web experience to work as designed or to log in to your account. Please use your browser's Help function to learn how to enable JavaScript.Learn more about JavaScript enabled browsers our sites support.
   



