



Apple Support Communities Use Agreement | Apple Support Communities










































:














 
  
 

 Open Menu 
 Close Menu 


 Apple 


 Bag    



 Apple 


 Mac 


 iPad 


 iPhone 


 Watch 


 Music 


 Support 


 Search apple.com 


 Bag    
















  
 










Apple Support CommunitiesActivityContentPeopleCommunitiesSearchSearch CommunitiesSearchSearching for similar questionsWelcome Guest  |  Login 








Apple Support Communities  /  Tutorials




















Currently Being Moderated









Apple Support Communities Use Agreement







By Matt K. 
Cupertino, CA
 Level 4 (2,380 points)



Version 5
            

            219810 Views
        

Last Modified: Jul 13, 2015 4:13 PM            



Apple Support Communities Use Agreement(revised 13 July 2015)  This Apple Support Communities Use Agreement (the "Agreement") provides important information about your use of the Apple Support Communities site (the "Site").  IMPORTANT: IF YOU CHOOSE TO ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MUST ACCEPT IT AS PRESENTED TO YOU, WITHOUT CHANGES. APPLE WILL ACCEPT NO ADDITIONS OR DELETIONS. At any time Apple may change, add, or remove any part of this Agreement or any part of the services and features provided at the Site. If it does so, Apple will update the Agreement here (Terms of Use) and may also post such changes elsewhere on the Site.  IF ANY FUTURE CHANGE IS UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOU SHOULD DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SITE WILL ALWAYS INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CHANGES TO IT.  GeneralAs long as you comply with the Agreement, Apple grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site.In addition to the terms and conditions in the Agreement, all use of the Site is governed by the Apple.com Terms of Use (http://www.apple.com/legal/terms/site.html).In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and Apple.com Terms of Use, the terms of this Agreement will govern.Views expressed on the Site are not endorsed by Apple.Apple does not prescreen information submitted by users of the Site ("Submissions"). Apple retains the right, but not the responsibility, to edit or remove any Submission, including those deemed by Apple to violate the Agreement. Apple will make good faith efforts to investigate allegations that Submissions violate the Agreement but (a) makes no warranty to you that it will edit, remove, or continue to permit the display of any specific Submission, whether or not subject to such allegations, and (b) will have no liability whatsoever for editing, removing, or continuing to permit the display of any Submission whatsoever.Apple involvement. Apple may respond to questions but does not formally provide technical support on the Site. Any information that is provided by Apple or Apple employees is offered on an "AS IS" basis without warranties of any kind.Apple may offer you benefits and award privileges for your participation in the Site. The benefits and privileges provided do not create an employee, agency or independent contractor relationship between you and Apple, and you may not present yourself as a spokesperson for Apple.Apple may use "cookies" and other technologies to track user activity within the Apple Support Communities. These technologies help us improve your experience and our products and services. Apple's use of this tracking information will conform to Apple's Privacy Policy (http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy)Apple Support Communities includes a "connections" feature which allows an Apple Support Communities user to receive email notifications when another user submits a post. This feature requires an approval process where a user can deny connection requests and remove connections at anytime.To submit information to the Site, each user must have a unique user name and password combination, known as an Apple ID. Please review Apple's Privacy Policy (http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy), which describes how Apple collects, uses and protects your personal information. Apple cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not provide accurate, truthful and complete information.If you provide any ideas, suggestions, or recommendations on this site regarding Apple’s products, technologies or services (“Feedback”), Apple may use such Feedback and incorporate it in Apple products, technologies, and services without paying royalties and without any other obligations or restrictions.By using the Site, you agree to receive certain communications from Apple in connection with Apple Support Communities. Apple may respond to your post directly in the Apple Support Communities or may attempt to contact you outside the site via telephone, email or other method of communication. For example, you may receive reminder emails for posts if you have not visited Apple Support Communities for a certain period of time, a reminder to respond to answers that have helped you or solved your question, or a survey on improving the services offered at the Site. You can opt-out of communications here (http://appleid.apple.com).For questions or problems regarding your Apple Support Communities account, please post a question in the Using Apple Support Communities site, or email communityaccounts@apple.comSubmissionsStay on topic. Apple Support Communities is here to help people use Apple products and technologies more effectively. Unless otherwise noted, do not add Submissions about nontechnical topics, including:Speculations or rumors about unannounced products.Discussions of Apple policies or procedures or speculation on Apple decisions.Be polite. Everyone should feel comfortable reading Submissions and participating in discussions. Apple will not tolerate flames or other inappropriate statements, material, or links. Most often, a "flame" is simply a statement that is taunting and thus arbitrarily inflammatory. However, this also includes those which are libelous, defamatory, indecent, harmful, harassing, intimidating, threatening, hateful, objectionable, discriminatory, abusive, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit, or offensive in a sexual, racial, cultural, or ethnic context.Post constructive comments and questions. Unless otherwise noted, your Submission should either be a technical support question or a technical support answer. Constructive feedback about product features is welcome as well. If your Submission contains the phrase "I'm sorry for the rant, but…" you are likely in violation of this policy.Do not post polls or petitions or links to same.Test your answer. When possible, make sure your Submission works on your own computer before you post it.No advertising. Do not use the Site to sell or market your products to others and do not post a URL unless it directly answers a user's question. If any portion of your Submission, including any posted URL, results in any accrual of compensation or benefit to you, you must note this in your post by stating, "I may receive some form of compensation, financial or otherwise, from my recommendation or link." As well, the following are not allowed:A submission created solely to advertise a book, service, software or some other item for sale.Any reference, including a link, to a commercial item that is not directly related to a relevant technical support question or answer. For example: "This post created by Super Post Creator."You may sign your Submissions with information about yourself. However, this should not include a link to a website. An example of an acceptable signature: Justine R. Author, "Apple Lisa Communities: Tips and Tricks"No inappropriate user names ("Aliases") or impersonations. Inappropriate or offensive user names or aliases will be removed and persons attempting to impersonate another user will be removed. User names may not contain website, email addresses or other contact information.Keep within the LawNo material may be submitted that is intended to promote or commit an illegal act.Do not submit software or descriptions of processes that break or otherwise 'work around' digital rights management software or hardware. This includes conversations about 'ripping' DVDs or working around FairPlay software used on the iTunes Store.Do not post defamatory material.Material submitted must be your own work or work to which you have a license. You warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the information contained in your Submission.License to Use Submission. By sending a Submission to the Site you agree to grant Apple a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, make available to the public, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to the Submission. If you do not want to grant to Apple the rights set out above, do not send your Submission to the Site.Never reveal any personal information.MinorsYou must be at least 13 years old to post to the Site. If you are over 13 years old but have not yet reached the age of majority, you must have your parent or guardian's permissions to post to the Site.Interference with the SiteYou agree to not interfere with or disrupt the Site.Apple may provide a system whereby users acquire points for various activities.Do not 'game' the system. You agree to not create multiple IDs or otherwise manipulate the points system.Do not ask for points. If you feel the system is not clear to users, please provide feedback to Apple; do not instruct other users unless they ask.Breach of the AgreementIf you fail to abide by these terms Apple may remove your submission. Apple may also send an email that informs you that your Submission has been deleted or edited. Repeated inappropriate Submissions may result in your relevant account or accounts being placed into temporary or permanent suspension of your ability to participate in any or all of the areas on the Site.If you post or send offensive or inappropriate content anywhere on or to the Site or otherwise engage in any disruptive behavior which Apple considers to be serious and/or repeated, Apple may use all available information about you to stop any further infringements. This may include informing relevant third parties such as your employer, school, Internet service provider, or law enforcement authorities of the infringement.Apple reserves the right to delete any Submission, or take action against any account, at any time, for any reason.











Like
            

Show 470 Likes            
                (470)
        




Categories:            
            










Replies




0 Replies
                        












Name



Email Address



Website Address


















Name
                                (Required)



Email Address
                                (Required, will not be published)



Website Address



<%= commentBody %>








 






Delete User Tip

Are you sure you want to delete this user tip?













More Like This



Retrieving data ...







Incoming Links






                            Re: Re: Apple Watch Sport - Gold & Rose - Band Closure Color
                        

 
                    	1 hour ago
                    



                            Re: Computer is dragging when startup, after hours runs smooth
                        

 
                    	14 hours ago
                    



                            Re: 2008 iMac hangs on grey screen at boot.
                        

 
                    	2 days ago
                    



                            Re: Intermitent Desktop hangs in 10.10.5?
                        

 
                    	2 days ago
                    



                            Re: iMessage on my mac says every contact is not registered with iMessage
                        

 
                    	2 days ago
                    



                            Re: HighEnd 2012 MBP has become very very sluggish..
                        

 
                    	3 days ago
                    




















This site contains user submitted content, comments and opinions and is for informational purposes only. 
Apple may provide or recommend responses as a possible solution based on the information provided; every potential issue may involve several factors not detailed in the conversations captured in an electronic forum and Apple can therefore provide no guarantee as to the efficacy of any proposed solutions on the community forums.  
Apple disclaims any and all liability for the acts, omissions and conduct of any third parties in connection with or related to your use of the site. All postings and use of the content on this site are subject to the Apple Support Communities Terms of Use.


Home >
Support >
Apple Support Communities

Shop the Apple Online Store (1-800-MY-APPLE), visit an Apple Retail Store, or find a reseller.

Apple Info
Site Map
Hot News
RSS Feeds
Contact Us


Copyright ©  Apple Inc. All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Use of Cookies

United States (English)
















