







Privacy and Security - The Vermont Country Store


































Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content







Customer Service | Email Sign Up | Request a Catalog
1-800-547-7849 | Live Help
 







                    SHOPPING BAG
                    0

Checkout










Special Collections
Blog
Visit Us




Category

Women's



Sleepwear


Women's Plus Sizes


Dresses and Skirts


Sweaters and Jackets


Intimates


Footwear


Swimwear


Collections


New Women's


Muumuus


Pants and Shorts


Tops


Watches & Sunglasses


Totes and Handbags


Jewelry


Hats, Gloves, and Scarves


Accessories






Men's



Sleepwear


Underwear


Collections


New Men's


Shirts and Sweaters


Pants & Shorts


Essential Accessories


Watches & Wallets


Hats, Gloves and Scarves






Home



Bed & Bath


Kitchen & Dining


Home Furnishings


Cleaning & Laundry


Special Collections


New Home


Home Office


Problem Solvers


Lawn & Garden






Health & Beauty



Fragrance


Collections


New Health and Beauty


Eye and Ear Care


Diabetic Aids


Incontinence Aids


Joint & Arthritis Relief


Remedies


Hair Care


Nail Care


Lotions


Facial Care


Foot Care


Soaps and Soaks


Makeup


Shaving Supplies


Sexual Wellness






Food & Candy



New Food and Candy


Vermont Maple Syrup


Vermont Cheese


Chocolates


Cakes and Pastries


Cookies and Crackers


Classic Candy


Spirited Treats


Sugar-Free


Jams & Jellies


Fruit and Pie Fillings


Breakfast


Snacks


Pickles and Condiments


Soups  Sauces & Sides


Meat and Seafood


Top Rated Food & Candy


Food & Candy Best Sellers






Clearance



Women's Sale


Men's Sale


Sleepwear Sale


Home Sale


Health & Beauty Sale


Food Sale


View All Sale


New Markdowns


Further Reductions


Almost Gone




















		  Visit Us



		  Customer Service


Contact Us



      Live Help



		  Order Status



		  Returns & Exchanges



		  Shipping Information



		  100% Guarantee



		  Request a Catalog



		  Suggest a Product



		  Customer Bill of Rights



		  Email Signup



		  Questions & FAQs



		  Privacy & Security





		  Fit Guide



		  Site Map





		  Careers





Privacy Policy
Introduction
This website, http://www.vermontcountrystore.com, is owned and operated by The Vermont
Country Store. This Privacy Policy pertains to information collected online via this website,
and does not apply to information collected from other sources. The Vermont Country Store may
be contacted by email at customerservice@vermontcountrystore.com, by phone at 800-547-7849, or
by mail at:
The Vermont Country Store 5650 Main Street Manchester Center, VT 05255
Information Collected
Certain anonymous information is collected automatically by our site. This information may
include visitor domain name, IP address, and referring domain. This information is tracked in
server logs, and may be used for troubleshooting purposes. Our website also collects aggregate
information, such as page views and visits, in an effort to keep our content relevant to our
customers. This information is not customer-specific.
Personal information collected by our site is used for transactional and/or promotional and
marketing purposes, and is encrypted using the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol before
transmission and storage. Personal information may include your name, address, and credit card
number. We collect and use such information to better enhance your shopping experience, and for
other transactional and promotional purposes, such as to:

Process, track, and fulfill your orders
Market our products and services
Inform you of special offers and promotions
Include you in surveys and contests
Manage and develop The Vermont Country Store's business and operations
Contact you for any other legitimate business purpose

We may share your name and address information with certain trusted resources unless you
choose to be put on our do-not-share list. To be put on our do-not-share list, please contact
our Customer Service department.
Cookies and Tracking Pixels
A Cookie is a small data file stored by your Web browser on your computer's hard drive.
Cookies allow The Vermont Country Store website to keep track of your order information, such
as items placed in your Shopping Bag. Cookies also allow us to provide customers with a more
personalized experience.
Tracking Pixels are small images that are used by the website to identify pages that are
being viewed by customers. No personal data is collected when these images are viewed.
Aggregate data from Tracking Pixels is used to improve the customer experience. Cookies and
Tracking Pixels may be disabled in your browser. If disabled, however, certain portions of The
Vermont Country Store website may not function.
The Vermont Country Store may contract with third parties who may also use Cookies and
Tracking Pixels to collect data on our behalf, or to provide services such as credit card
processing, shipping, promotional services or data management. These third parties are
prohibited from sharing that information with anyone other than The Vermont Country Store or
our partners.
 
Our company and our trusted third parties may share with one another anonymous versions of
user information collected at this site. We may use that information to link to and issue
anonymous cookies containing demographic or intent-based data for online behavioral advertising
purposes.  Such cookies do not contain personally identifiable information.  If you
would like to opt out of online behavioral advertising, click on one of these links: 
http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://networkadvertising.org/choices. 
Account Registration
To make online shopping easier, you may register for an account on our website. Information
provided by you, such as name and billing address, will be stored securely for future use. You
may access and update this information at any time. By creating an account and sharing you
billing or email address, you will be added to our customer mailing list, and may receive
periodic mailings from us. You may opt out of these mailings at the time of account
registration, or by contacting our Customer Service department.
Children’s Privacy
Our Web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not
knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
California Privacy Rights
The Vermont Country Store may from time to time share your personal information with third
parties for their direct marketing purposes. California residents who provide personal
information when purchasing products may request information about the customer information
shared with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. Each consumer may request our
direct marketing information once per year, and our response will cover the immediately
preceding calendar year. This information would include the categories of shared customer
information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer
information.
Policy Changes
Changes to this policy may occur in the future. Changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted
to The Vermont Country Store website. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy
periodically.
  









Receive Our Emails 
















        CALL US IN VERMONT
        1 (800) 547-7849
LIVE HELP  
CONTACT US  
FAQ  

The Vermont Country Store
Our Story - Meet the Ortons!
Customer Bill of Rights
Guaranteed Forever
In The News
Careers

Services
Customer Service
Order Status
Privacy & Security
Site Map
Shipping Information
Returns & Exchanges

Specialty
Gift Cards
Suggest a Product
Request a Catalog
Receive Emails

Family OwnedGardner, Lyman, Eliot, and Cabot Orton - Proprietors


Visit Our StoresFind out more about us, our history, our stores in Vermont, and much more  
Orton Family FoundationEmpowering people to shape the future of their communities. Learn more  
Guaranteed ForeverWe will exchange any item or refund your money without hassle. If you are dissatisfied for any reason, please call us at 800-211-4741
















            ©2015 The Vermont Country Store





















