





  



IRS Privacy Policy






















Skip Navigation














		Subscriptions
		




IRS Guidewire

IRS Newswire

QuickAlerts

e-News for Tax Professionals

IRS Tax Tips

More






		Language
		




Español

中文

한국어

TiếngViệt

Pусский






		Information For...
		




Individuals

Businesses

Charities & Non-Profits

Government Entities

Tax Professionals

Retirement Plans

Tax Exempt Bonds







Text












Search

Advanced









Filing





Payments





Refunds





Credits & Deductions





News & Events





Forms & Pubs





Help & Resources





for Tax Pros




























IRS Privacy Policy Topics

Report phishing
Identity theft
Protecting your SSN
Safeguards Program
Privacy Impact Assessment
IRS Privacy Policy Home

 




















Like - Click this link to Add this page to your bookmarks




Share - Click this link to Share this page through email or social media


Print - Click this link to Print this page



IRS Privacy Policy
Español
IRS Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Rights
IRS Office of Privacy
Access to Privacy Impact Assessments
Statistical Information
Security
If You Send Us Information Online
Customer Satisfaction Surveys
Cookies
Links to Other Sites

 IRS Privacy Policy
You have entered the Internal Revenue Service's website, an official United States Government System. The IRS uses this website to provide information about IRS services and programs. This website includes specific applications which provide more services or enable us to respond to specific questions from Web site visitors.
We will not collect personal information about you just because you visit this Internet site. There are applications on this website that provide you with the opportunity to order forms, ask questions requiring a response, sign up for electronic newsletters, participate in focus groups and customer surveys, or learn the status of filed returns or anticipated payments. Using these services is voluntary and may require that you provide additional personal information to us. Providing the requested information implies your consent for us to use this data in order to respond to your specific request.

 Your Privacy Rights
The IRS is committed to protecting the privacy rights of America's taxpayers. These rights are protected by the Internal Revenue Code, the Privacy Act of 1974, the Freedom of Information Act, and IRS policies and practices. For more information about these laws, visit the IRS Electronic Freedom of Information Act Reading Room.

 IRS Office of Privacy
The Internal Revenue Service's Privacy Office ensures that your personal information is protected whenever you visit the IRS website. If you have any questions or comments regarding the IRS's website privacy policy, please contact us at the address below.
Director, Office of Privacy, Governmental Liaison and Disclosure
Internal Revenue Service
Room 7050 OS:P
1111 Constitution Ave. NW
Washington, DC 20224
BEFORE YOU WRITE, note that we cannot assist you with any type of tax matter. Our office may only address questions about IRS privacy policies or concerns you may have regarding how IRS uses and collects personal information.

PLEASE NOTE: Do not respond to unsolicited e-mails that claim to come from the IRS, or any e-mail from an unknown party asking you to submit personal, tax, or financial data. The IRS does not use email to request this type of information. Forward suspicious e-mails to: phishing@irs.gov .
For more information contact the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) at 800-366-4484 or visit the TIGTA website.

Page Last Reviewed or Updated: 08-May-2015


























Our Agency


About Us



Work at IRS



Help & Resources



Contact Your Local Office



Tax Stats, Facts & Figures





Know Your Rights


Taxpayer Bill of Rights



Taxpayer Advocate 



Accessibility



Civil Rights



Freedom of Information Act



No FEAR Act



Privacy Policy





Resolve an Issue


Respond to a Notice



Office of Appeals



Identity Theft



Report Phishing



Tax Fraud & Abuse





Other Languages


Español



中文



한국어



Pусский



TiếngViệt





Related Sites


U.S. Treasury



Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration



USA.gov
















