
Godlike Productions - Privacy Information
Users Online Now: 3,089 (Who's On?)Visitors Today: 1,581,771Pageviews Today: 2,278,945Threads Today: 668Posts Today: 11,32304:42 PM Join Our:  GLP Poker Rooms - Twitter - YouTube - PodcastsCheck Out:  GiveMeGossip.com - Gossip ForumDonate To GLPDirectoryAdv. SearchTopicsForum
Privacy Information


What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on
        our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When
        ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, and
        country. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to
        serve ads on our site.
        Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other
        sites on the Internet.
        Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy
        policy..What do we use your information for? Any of the information we
        collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: • To personalize your experience(your
        information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)• To improve our website(we
        continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from
        you)• To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your
        customer service requests and support needs)• To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to
            any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of
            delivering the purchased product or service requested.
        
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature• To send periodic
        emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and
            updates pertaining to your order.
        
        If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates,
        related product or service information, etc.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from
        receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each
        email.How do we protect your information? We implement a variety
        of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your
        personal information.  We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information
        is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers
        database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required
        toï¿½keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards,
        social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Do we use
        cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your
        computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems
        to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to help us
        remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits,
        keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can
        offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to
        assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the
        information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.Do we
        disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to
        outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist
        us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep
        this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to
        comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However,
        non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or
        other uses.Your IP address is not considered personally identifiable information as it would require a
        court order to determine your identity from your IP address. Therefor your IP address my be disclosed to 3rd
        party partners or to the public in general at the discretion of the administration of this website.Third party links  Occasionally, at our discretion, we may
        include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and
        independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of
        these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about
        these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we
        value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online
        Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without
        your consent.As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make
        any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile'
        page.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in
        compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any
        information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who
        are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy Only This online
        privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected
        offline.Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions
        section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://godlikeproductions.comYour
        Consent By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the
        Privacy Policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on 9-24-09trinity@godlikeproductions.com


NewsVIDEO: The Secrets Of Washington MonumentNASA Has Developed A “Cosmic Hitchhiker” To Visit Comets & AsteroidsHuman Waste From Airplanes To Help Track Global Disease OutbreaksWhy Walking In Nature Can Heal Your BrainMarket Crash Imminent? Shemitah: Prophecy or Quackery?Mind-control engineers drugging children for “Social Justice”Central Banks Nervous as Alternative Currency with David Bowie’s Face Goes ViralBlending in, Jade Helm Style: Fake Rental Trucks Reveal Hidden Spy RoomsAre Gas Shortages Coming to America?The Golden Era Of Knowledge Resistance Is Upon UsNew York Introduces “Drive Smart” Car Tracking TechnologyElectrohypersensitivity and Multiple Chemical Sensitivity Recognized by the World Health OrganizationHow Understanding The Truth Movement May Hold Many Answers For HumanityCommon Core Or "Communist Core"Europe’s Biggest Bank Dares To Ask: Is The Fed Preparing For A “Controlled Demolition” Of The Market60,000 Antelopes Died in 4 Days — And No One Knows WhySheep Led to the Slaughter: The Muzzling of Free Speech in AmericaChris Christie: Track foreign visitors to the United States like FedEx tracks packagesArtificially Intelligent Robot Tells Creator It Will Keep Humans “In a People Zoo”High School girls stage walkout to protest transgender student in their bathroomThe 2030 Agenda: This Month The UN Launches A Blueprint For A New World Order With The Help Of The PopeMalaysia Airlines MH370: The Rothschild Inheritance ConspiracyHAARP Is BackU.S. Drops Fleas With Bubonic Plague on North KoreaUniversity Employee – “Shoplifting from Walmart Shouldn’t Be a Crime


This Flag Represents The Principle, "Fight For What You Believe In."


This Is The Rebel Flag, "You're Either Free Or You're Not."

-------------



Disclaimer / Copyright Info  -  Privacy Policy 
        -  Terms Of Use
Mail Webmaster with questions or comments about this site.

     
    "Godlike Productions" & "GLP" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd. Godlike™
    
    Website Design Copyright © 1999 - 2015 Godlikeproductions.com

        Page generated in 0.008s (0 queries)     
		         
		




