



  







Privacy | This Is My Jam        



















                              Share your favorite song. Play all your friends’ songs in one click. It’s that simple. Slow music = good music! 
                 Yes yes, sign me up






Home
About
Explore
Sign in










Privacy Policy
Last updated: 3 October 2013
We take your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy (“the policy”) explains how This Is My Jam collects and uses information.
This Is My Jam, LLC (“This Is My Jam”, “Jam”, or “we”, “our”, or “us”), a Delaware company, owns and provides access to the service, currently located at http://www.thisismyjam.com (the “Website”), and its affiliated applications and API (collectively, the “Service”, or “Services”).

             We may periodically update this policy, as well as our Terms & Conditions. We will do our best to notify you via email when this occurs, as well as keep you up to date with news and improvements to This Is My Jam generally. It remains your responsibility to read and review this policy carefully.

Your account and external services
Jam uses the Twitter API and/or the Facebook Graph API to uniquely identify you, to create a profile on our service, and to help connect you to your friends' profiles.
If you sign up through — or otherwise connect your Jam account to — external services such as Twitter or Facebook, you will be prompted to authorize our service to access certain information from these external accounts. We cannot read any information that you do not specifically grant us permission to access.
We store copies of some of this information on our servers, including but not limited to: your full name; your Facebook username; your Twitter username; and your email address.
We never post content to external services without your permission. We may occasionally send you emails to keep you updated on improvements to This Is My Jam and other services, on behalf of ourselves and others. All emails sent will provide a clear and easy way to opt-out of future emails.
You can delete your account at any time. Doing so will immediately remove your public-facing profile on our service, and accounts are not recoverable once deleted.

Music information
This Is My Jam is a service based around the expression of your music taste. Accordingly, the songs you post and like are viewable by all users of the service and the public.
Jam also builds an internal taste profile for every user in order to better connect you to new people and recommend music on the service. The content of this taste profile includes, but is not limited to, the songs you post, like, share, and play. This information may be exposed to other users or third parties in aggregate or via an API with personally-identifiable information removed. This information may be stored both on servers hosted by Jam as well as the servers of third-party partners.
We will never pass on personally-identifiable music information to any third-parties — with the exception of information publicly viewable on your This Is My Jam profile — without your permission.
             

Browser information
To measure usage and improve the service, we collect browser information from users, including: the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the user’s computer; the referring URL, if any; the browser software user agent (the brand and version of your web browsing software). This information may be stored both on servers hosted by Jam as well as the servers of third-party analytics providers.

Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are required to use This Is My Jam, in part because they are required to use the Twitter, Facebook, and other external service APIs.
Things we may use cookies for include: (a) recording current session information so you will not have to re-enter it the next time you access the Service; (b) identifying you to external services that you have authorised for use with your Jam account; (c) providing customized third-party ads, content or information both on and off the Website; (d) storing information about various Service features you have seen and/or used in order to improve the Jam experience.
Unless you have disabled cookies in your browser, the use of our Services implies your consent to the cookie usage described above. Not all Jam functionality may work correctly with cookies disabled.

                
Comments

               While comments posted on our Service must comply with our community guidelines, any personal information posted by a user in a comment is public information and not the responsibility of Jam.



             
Use by Minors
This Is My Jam is not geared towards minors, and children under the age of 13 are not eligible to use our Service. If you have reason to believe that someone under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, you may contact us at privacy@thisismyjam.com and we will delete the relevant information.
We recommend that users between the age of 13 and 17 obtain the consent of their parent or legal guardian before providing Jam with any information or using our Service.
             

Compliance and consent
Jam complies with the United Kingdom’s Data Protection Act 1998, and applicable E.U. Directives, including the Electronic Commerce Directive.
By using our Services and providing information, you consent to the collection, storage, and usage of your information by This Is My Jam, LLC.
You may withdraw your consent for how your personal information is used at any time by writing to us at privacy@thisismyjam.com. Withdrawing consent may mean you are unable to enjoy all the benfits or functionality of Jam’s services.

Questions
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, don't hesitate to contact us at: privacy@thisismyjam.com.
Or, you may write to:

                    This Is My Jam, LLC2nd Floor, Shoreditch Works32-38 Scrutton StreetLondon EC2A 4RQUnited Kingdom
                




Legal

Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
DMCA Compliance


Other resources

Help & FAQ
Community Guidelines
Contact us






















·





by









About
Contact
Help
Goodies
API
Blog


©2015 This Is My Jam, LLC   |  Privacy & Terms  |   Music data provided by The Echo Nest






Welcome back! Sign in using the service you joined with:

Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Twitter












Reset or request a password



Don’t have an account yet? Get one here.






        Join up and share your favorite song. It only takes a second!
    




Connect with Facebook
Connect with Twitter
We’ll never post without your permission.



OR




Sign Up With An Email address





Already signed up? Sign in to your account.

 


















