
















Privacy Policy | Center for Inquiry








Branches and Programs

-----  Make a Selection  -----
CFI Home

California - CFI Los Angeles
California - CFI Orange County
California - CFI San Francisco
Florida - CFI Fort Lauderdale
Florida - CFI Tallahassee
Florida - CFI Tampa Bay
Illinois - CFI Chicago
Indiana - CFI Indiana
Michigan - CFI Michigan
New York - CFI Harlem
New York - CFI Long Island
New York - CFI New York City
New York - CFI Western New York
Ohio - CFI NE Ohio
Oregon - CFI Portland
Pennsylvania - CFI Pittsburgh
Texas - CFI Austin
Washington D.C. - CFI DC


Canada - CFI Calgary
Canada - CFI Montreal
Canada - CFI Ontario
Canada - CFI Vancouver
Croatia - CFI Croatia
England - CFI London
Germany - CFI Germany
India - CFI India
Japan - CFI Japan
Peru - CFI Peru
International Representatives


Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
Council for Secular Humanism
CFI On Campus
Office of Public Policy
Campaign for Free Expression
Science and the Public





Our Mission
			      |  
			    Press Center
			      |  
			
			  About Us
			        

					    Donate







News
Education
Outreach
Advocacy
Podcasts
Videos
Forums
Store









Terms of Use

By viewing this web site, you agree to the following Terms and Conditions. Center for Inquiry (CFI) reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time.


CFI grants visitors a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access, use and display the contents of this website. This site and the information, names, images, pictures, logos regarding or relating to CFI are provided "as is" without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind, whether express or implied. Under no circumstances will CFI be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from the use or in connection with such use or loss of use of the site, whether in contract or in negligence or any other theory of liability.


While every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of the information on these pages, no guarantees are provided. CFI does not warrant that this site or the functions contained in the material contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy and reliability of the materials.


Any communication or material transmitted to, or posted on, any public area of the site including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, discussion forum posts, or the like, is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary information.

Links

The CFI Web site contains links to other Web sites. All such links are provided as a convenience to our visitors. We are not responsible for the practices, policies, or the content of sites other than the CFI Web site.

Copyright Notice

Commercial use or publication of all or any items displayed on the CFI Web site is strictly prohibited without prior authorization from CFI.


The CFI Web site is a compilation work composed of materials contributed by CFI and other contributors. The compilation itself is property of CFI. Other contributors have licensed CFI to use their materials. All rights in these documents are reserved to their owners, and permission to copy or otherwise exploit them must be requested and obtained directly from the copyright owners.

Questions

If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, the practices of this Web site, or your dealings with this Web site, please direct your questions by mail to: 3965 Rensch Rd. Amherst, NY 14228. You may also send an email to .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address); please reference this Terms and Conditions in your subject line.









Site Map  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use







			©2015 Center for Inquiry
			P.O. Box 741, Amherst, NY 14226

Surface Deliveries Only:
			3965 Rensch Rd. Amherst, NY 14228


                        CFI Executive Office
                        1020 19th Street NW, Suite 425
                        Washington, DC 20036
                







