


P&G Privacy Notice































Procter & Gamble
Skip to main content


Search









Investor / Shareholder Relations
Careers
Partners & Suppliers
WORLDWIDE SITES








P&G Privacy Notice



ScopeP&G;’s Global Consumer Privacy Policy applies to consumer information, including personal information, collected and used by The Procter & Gamble Company and its affiliated companies and subsidiaries (“P&G;”).  
To read P&G;’s full Global Consumer Privacy Policy click here.

Information P&G; Collects             
Click here for more information


P&G;  collects information about you from a variety of sources, including:
Information we collect from you directly.
Information we collect about you when you call us, visit our sites, use our mobile applications or services, or view our online advertisements.
Information we collect about you from other sources, such as commercially available sources. 
All the information P&G; collects about you may be combined to improve our communications with you, and to develop world-class products and services.

Uses / Information Sharing
Click here for more information


P&G; uses the information we collect for P&G; business purposes such as:
To provide the products and services you request.
To tell you about P&G; products and services and those offered by our carefully selected business partners.
To manage our sites and services.
We do not sell your personal information to marketing companies outside of P&G.; 
We may share your information:
With our carefully selected business partners for co-promotions or other joint programs, but only if we have obtained your consent.
With our third-party service providers who perform P&G; business operations on our behalf.
With our third-party service providers who work on behalf of P&G; and our business partners to send you joint communications that we hope you find of interest.
As part of a sale of a P&G; brand to another company.
To protect and defend P&G; (including enforcing our Terms and Conditions). 
When required by law and/or government authorities.
If you do not wish to provide your personal information to us, we may not be able to provide the products and services you request, or to tell you about other products and services offered by P&G.;

Your Choices
Click here for more information


You can stop receiving promotional email or postal communications from P&G; by following the instructions in those messages, or through this Privacy Notice. Please click here to select your country and learn how to unsubscribe.
Click here to select your country and learn how to access and update information you provide to P&G.;





  
Important Information

P&G; is committed to working with consumers and data protection authorities to resolve any privacy concern.
P&G; complies with country data protection laws.
P&G; self-certifies compliance with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Program.
P&G; participates in the US Council of Better Business Bureau's (BBB) Accredited Business Program and BBB EU Safe Harbor Dispute Resolution.



Links to Third-Party Sites and Social Media

Click here for more information


P&G; sites may include links to third party sites.  P&G; does not control these third party sites, and we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every site you visit.
P&G; sites may also have “plugins” (such as the Facebook “Like” button) to third-party sites or offer login (such as log in with Facebook) through a third-party account.  Third-party plugins and login features, including their loading, operation and use, are governed by the privacy policy and terms of the third-party providing them.



How to Contact Us

Click here  (for country specific email and/or postal addresses).
Click here  to view answers to Frequently Asked Questions. 









Facebook
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Subscriptions



Touching lives, improving life. P&G™


Contact Us
Consumer Relations
Product Coupons and Promotions
Terms and Conditions
Privacy

Ad Choices

© 2014 Procter & Gamble. All claims valid only in the U.S.





