



Terms of Service - latimes

Advertisement


YOU ARE HERE: LAT Home→Collections→TgdcheckTerms of ServiceJanuary 01, 2013


These Terms of Service govern your use of latimes.com. Your use of our site tells us you have read and agreed to these Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy. latimes.com reserves the right to deny access to the site to any person who violates these Terms of Service. Copyright. All information, content, services and software displayed on, transmitted through, or used in connection with latimes.com, with the exception of User Content as defined below, including for example news articles, reviews, directories, guides, text, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips, video, html, source and object code, trademarks, logos, and the like (collectively, the "Content"), as well as its selection and arrangement, is owned by Tribune Interactive, Inc. ("TI"), and/or its affiliated companies, licensors and suppliers. You may use the Content online only, and solely for your personal, non-commercial use, and you may download or print a single copy of any portion of the Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use, provided you do not remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from such Content. If you operate a Web site and wish to link to latimes.com, you may do so provided you agree to cease such link upon request from latimes.com. No other use is permitted without prior written permission of latimes.com. The permitted use described in this Paragraph is contingent on your compliance at all times with these Terms of Service. You may not republish any portion of the Content on any Internet, Intranet or extranet site or incorporate the Content in any database, compilation, archive or cache. You may not distribute any Content to others, whether or not for payment or other consideration, and you may not archive, modify, copy, frame, cache, reproduce, sell, publish, transmit, display or otherwise use any portion of the Content. You may not scrape or otherwise copy our Content without permission. You agree not to decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through latimes.com, not to insert any code or product or manipulate the content of latimes.com in any way that affects the user's experience, and not to use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method. Requests to use Content for any purpose other than as permitted in these Terms of Service should be directed to Los Angeles Times Syndicate Permissions Desk at (800) LATIMES ext. 74565. In certain cases, you may be able to use individual stories that appear on latimes.com through online functionality we have specifically designated (e.g., to e-mail a story to a friend or to purchase the rights to reproduce a story for other use). In such cases, we will tell you directly in the portion of the Content you may use or you will see a link in the Content itself. Registration. Registration is not required to view certain Content. However, you are required to register if you wish to post a comment or upload a video, or view certain other Content. If you become a Registered Member of latimes.com, you accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your Registration Account. You agree to provide true, accurate, complete, and correct information at the time of registration, and to promptly update this information as needed so that it remains true, accurate, complete, and correct. We reserve the right to terminate your access and use of latimes.com if individuals from more than one household access latimes.com using any single Registration Account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for restricting access to your computer so others outside your household may not access latimes.com using your name in whole or in part without our permission. If you believe someone has accessed latimes.com using your Registration Account and password without your authorization, immediately send us a report using our feedback form. Use of Information by latimes.com. You acknowledge, consent and agree that latimes.com may preserve and disclose your Registration Account information and the contents of your online communications if required to do so by law, or in good faith belief that preservation and/or disclosure is reasonably necessary for the following purposes: (1) to comply with legal process, such as a court order, search warrant, or subpoena; (2) to enforce the terms of this Terms of Service; (3) to render service you request; (4) to protect the rights or property of latimes.com, TI, and their third party suppliers and licensors; or (5) in circumstances that we deem, in our sole discretion, to pose a threat to the safety of you or others.1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 |  Next





MORE:Seizure Led to FloJo's DeathHis 104 scores make his caseRestaurant review: South Beverly GrillBrutal Murder by Teen-Age Girls Adds to Britons' ShockComaneci Confirms Suicide Attempt, Magazine SaysAdvertisement


FROM THE ARCHIVESPay-TV industry not united on TV EverywhereJuly 16, 2012Triton Digital capitalizes on radio industry's sea changeOctober 11, 2011MORE STORIES ABOUTTgdcheckTrademarkTosTerms Of ServiceCopyright 2015 Los Angeles TimesTerms of Service|Privacy Policy|Index by Date|Index by Keyword




















