









HSBC Holdings plc - Terms and Conditions













































Go to:
Navigation
Content
Footer

Alt+0 to show this section, Tab to navigate forward, Shift+Tab key to navigate backward, Enter to access link, and Esc to reset


HSBC Cookie Policy
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. Full details can be found here

Press tab key to access skip links section. Press Alt+0 to access it anytime.














Search



Go to internet banking



Menu

Explore HSBC.com

Search





            About HSBC
            


in About HSBC
Learn about  our history, our purpose, and our strategy to become the world's leading international bank. Get information on our leadership team and our global network.



                                Our purpose
                                




                                Our strategy
                                




                                Leadership
                                




                                Company history
                                
expandCompany history


                                                HSBC's history
                                            

                                                HSBC’s archives
                                            

                                                Online gallery
                                            

                                                Frequently asked questions
                                            



                                Structure and network
                                
expandStructure and network


                                                Commercial Banking
                                            

                                                Global Banking and Markets
                                            

                                                Global Private Banking
                                            

                                                Retail Banking and Wealth Management
                                            

                                                Country contacts
                                            



                                Awards
                                




                                Advertising
                                
expandAdvertising


                                                In the future
                                            



                                Sponsorship
                                
expandSponsorship


                                                Golf
                                            

                                                Rugby 
                                            

                                                Culture
                                            

                                                Other sponsorships
                                            



                                Procurement
                                
expandProcurement


                                                Purchase order terms and conditions
                                            



                                Contact us
                                







            Citizenship
            


in Citizenship
We recognise that we have responsibilities not only towards our customers, employees and shareholders but also to the countries and communities in which we operate.



                                Our values
                                




                                Diversity and inclusion
                                




                                Sustainability
                                
expandSustainability


                                                Finance
                                            

                                                Operations
                                            

                                                Communities
                                            

                                                Frequently asked questions
                                            

                                                Reports and documentation
                                            

                                                Case studies
                                            






            Investor relations
            


in Investor relations
Learn about our investment case, our internal controls and how we handle risk. Find financial results, dividend information and investor presentations.



                                Investing in HSBC
                                
expandInvesting in HSBC


                                                Annual General Meeting
                                            

                                                Latest financial information
                                            

                                                Investor Update 2015
                                            

                                                Fast facts 
                                            



                                Share information
                                
expandShare information


                                                Equity analyst coverage
                                            

                                                Share analytics
                                            

                                                Treasury shares
                                            



                                Dividends
                                
expandDividends


                                                Dividend calculators
                                            

                                                Dividend history
                                            

                                                Dividend timetable
                                            

                                                Scrip dividend
                                            



                                Events and presentations
                                




                                Stock exchange announcements
                                




                                Financial and regulatory reports
                                
expandFinancial and regulatory reports


                                                Regulatory capital securities
                                            



                                Fixed income securities
                                
expandFixed income securities


                                                Covered bond reports
                                            

                                                Credit ratings
                                            

                                                Issuance programmes
                                            



                                Governance
                                
expandGovernance


                                                Board committees
                                            

                                                Corporate governance codes
                                            

                                                Global Standards
                                            

                                                Health and safety
                                            

                                                Internal control
                                            

                                                Obligations of senior financial officers
                                            

                                                Reputational and operational risks
                                            

                                                Share plans
                                            

                                                USA Patriot Act certification
                                            



                                Investor resources
                                
expandInvestor resources


                                                Consensus financial estimates
                                            

                                                Investor contacts
                                            

                                                Electronic communication
                                            

                                                Frequently asked questions - investor relations
                                            






            News and insight
            


in News and insight
Get the latest news, analysis and commentary. Our business specialists share their views.



                                Media resources
                                
expandMedia resources


                                                Media releases
                                            

                                                Speeches
                                            



                                Insight archive
                                







            Careers
            


in Careers
We offer a world of interesting and varied opportunities. Learn about local and global careers and our values-led culture.



                                Why HSBC?
                                
expandWhy HSBC?


                                                Learning and development
                                            

                                                Culture and community
                                            

                                                Benefits
                                            



                                Explore our business
                                
expandExplore our business


                                                Working in Commercial Banking
                                            

                                                Working in Global Banking and Markets
                                            

                                                Working in Global Private Banking
                                            

                                                Working in Retail Banking and Wealth Management
                                            

                                                Working in HSBC Technology and Services
                                            

                                                Working in Global Functions
                                            



                                Meet our people
                                




                                Application hints and tips
                                




                                Careers events
                                




                                Students and graduates
                                
expandStudents and graduates


                                                View programmes
                                            

                                                Programmes in Commercial Banking 
                                            

                                                Programmes in Global Banking and Markets
                                            

                                                Programmes in Global Private Banking
                                            

                                                Programmes in Retail Banking and Wealth Management
                                            



                                Frequently asked questions
                                














Home

>

        Terms and conditions



                Terms and conditions
            


Share click to expand


Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
RSS 2.0
E-mail



Print






hsbc.com provides a portal, or gateway, to the financial services offered by members of the HSBC Group. The Site is owned by HSBC Holdings plc.
HSBC Holdings plc is a public limited company registered in England and Wales under Company Register Number 617987 and with its registered office at 8, Canada Square, London, England E14 5HQ.



Before using this Site, you should read these Terms carefully, as well as our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
The information contained on the Site is for information purposes only. HSBC Holdings plc does not hold itself out as providing legal, financial or other advice via the Site.

References to 'Site' are references to the Site at www.hsbc.com 
References to 'Local Sites' are references to other HSBC pages and web sites or pages and web sites issued by other entities within the HSBC Group. 
References to 'you', 'your' and 'yours' are references to the person(s) accessing the Site or any Local Site. 
References to 'we', 'us' and 'our' are references to HSBC Holdings plc 
References to the 'HSBC Group' are references to HSBC Holdings plc, its subsidiaries and affiliated companies. 

About hsbc.com
hsbc.com gives you information about us and about the other companies in our group together with the financial products and services they offer. The Site is an information source and gateway to the website of your local HSBC company or to other HSBC companies. You cannot purchase products or services from hsbc.com directly. If you want to know more about any of the products and services described on the Site, we ask you to visit the appropriate Local Site under the relevant country you live in. You will then be directed to a Local Site. Some of the products and services described on hsbc.com may not be available from your Local Site.
The provision of financial services or products
HSBC Holdings plc does not offer financial services or products and HSBC Holdings plc's operation of the hsbc.com portal, or gateway, does not constitute an offer of any products or services provided by any of the HSBC Group members.
Not all the products and services that you may be able to view via the Site are available in all geographical locations. The relevant HSBC Group member reserves the right to make the final determination on whether or not you are eligible for any particular product or service. If you choose to enter a website outside your country of residence, you are advised that it may not be legal in that jurisdiction for you to access or use the facilities available on that Site and the legal requirements of that jurisdiction may prohibit you from dealing or otherwise transacting in that jurisdiction.
All products or services provided to you by any HSBC Group member shall only be available in the jurisdiction/s within which the member providing the product or service is authorised to operate.
You agree that any of the products or services provided to you by any HSBC Group member shall be deemed to be provided in the jurisdiction within which the member providing the product or service is authorised to operate.
Local Sites
All products and services provided by members of the HSBC Group are subject to the terms and conditions and disclaimers of the applicable agreement governing their supply and use (‘Product terms and conditions’). Where Product terms and conditions conflict with these Terms and Conditions or any Local Site's terms and conditions the Product terms and conditions shall prevail.
Your use of any Local Site shall be governed by both these Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Local Site. However, where these Terms and Conditions conflict with those of the Local Site, the terms and conditions of the Local Site shall prevail. Please read carefully any Local Site and/or Product terms and conditions before using the Local Site or product.
Changes
The information, material and content provided in the pages of the Site or any Local Site may be changed at any time without notice. Changes may be made to these Terms and Conditions by us at any time without notice to you by updating the posting of the Terms and Conditions.
Security
In certain circumstances you may be requested to register with a Local Site. When you register, you must provide accurate and complete information and up-date such information when necessary so it remains accurate and complete. When you register and are accepted as a registered user of the Local Site, you choose a unique user name and password. Please use maximum caution to keep your user name and password confidential and log-off from the Local Site when your session is complete to prevent unauthorised access to your information. If your user name or password is subject to unauthorised access, you should immediately inform the relevant HSBC Group company.
Data protection and privacy policies
We are committed to protecting your privacy. All information gathered from you in connection with your use of the Site or any Local Site will be maintained in accordance with the applicable privacy policies disclosed for the Site or any of the Local Sites.
No offer
Information or opinions provided by us or through a third party on the Site or by a Local Site should not be used for investment advice and do not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or financial instruments or any advice or recommendation with respect to such securities or other financial instruments. When making a decision about your investments, you should seek the advice of a professional financial adviser.
No warranties
The contents of the Site and the Local Sites are distributed to you without any warranty of any kind. We and the third party content providers disclaim any and all warranties.
Information on the Site and any Local Site is provided on an "as is", "as available" basis and to the fullest extent permitted by law we do not give or make any warranty or representation of any kind, whether express or implied in respect of such information whether in respect of the Site or any Local Site. Your use of the Site or any Local Site is at your sole risk.
We do not warrant the accuracy, adequacy, completeness or timeliness of the information, material, products and services or the error-free use of the Site or Local Site.
We do not represent or warrant that the Site or any Local Site will be available or that it will meet your requirements, that access will be uninterrupted, that there will be no delays, failures, errors or omissions or loss of transmitted information, that no viruses or other contaminating or destructive properties will be transmitted or that no damage will occur to your computer system. You have sole responsibility for adequate protection and back up of data and/or equipment and for undertaking reasonable and appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses or other destructive properties.
We make no representations or warranties regarding the accuracy, functionality or performance of any third party software that may be used in connection with the Site or any Local Site.
Limitation of liability
In no event shall we be liable for any damages, losses or liabilities including without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental, consequential damages, losses or liabilities, in connection with your use of the Site or your reliance on or use or inability to use the information, materials, products and services on the Site, or in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure, even if you advise us of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses.
Links to third party Sites or content
Your use of hyperlinks on the Site is at your own risk. We provide hyperlinks to other locations on the Internet for information and convenience purposes only. No endorsement of third party web sites or content is implied. We are not responsible for the content of any other web sites or pages linked to or from the Site or any Local Site. We have not verified the content of any such web sites, or pages. It is recommended that you view the linked website's terms or privacy policy pages to understand how use of that website may affect you.
We are not responsible for the accuracy, timeliness or the continued availability or the existence of content, hyperlinks, or third party web sites or pages linked to the Site or any Local Site. Links to downloadable software Sites are for convenience only and we are not responsible or liable for any difficulties or consequences associated with downloading the software. Use of any downloaded software is governed by the terms of the licence agreement, if any, which accompanies or is provided with the software. 
The Site may offer access to news services, market analysis, financial planning tools or other information provided by third parties on the Site or any Local Site. No endorsement or approval of any third parties or their advice, opinions, information, products or services is expressed or implied by any information on the Site or any Local Site. We do not control, cannot guarantee, and are not responsible for the accuracy, timeliness or even the continued availability or existence of such content.
Internet e-mail
Do not use ordinary e-mail to communicate personal or confidential information to us. Use the secure server available at your Local Site. Ordinary e-mail messages sent over the Internet may be intercepted, lost or altered. We are not responsible for them and will not be liable to you or anyone else for any damages in connection with any messages sent by you to us using ordinary e-mail.
E-mail alert service
We may, at our discretion, provide an e-mail alert service (the "Service") allowing you to receive alerts relating to HSBC Holdings plc and/or such other parties or matters as we may include from time to time.  
Your use of the Service will result in us holding the data you submit for use of the Service. The data will be held in the USA and will only be used to provide you with the information you have requested receiving via the Service or for statistical analysis. By using the Service, you agree to us holding and using your data as indicated above. 
We may at any time at our discretion withdraw the Service and/or your use of it.
The provisions under "No warranties" in these Terms and Conditions shall apply as if reference to "the Site" includes reference to the Service. 
Trademarks and copyright
Copyright in the pages, screens, information, and all material in their arrangement, included in the Site or any Local site is owned by or licensed to us or the HSBC Group unless otherwise noted. You may imprint, copy download or temporarily store extracts from the Site or any Local site for your personal information or when you use any products and services of any Local Site. You may not alter or otherwise make any changes to any material that you print or download from the Site or any Local Site, including, without limitation, removing any identifying marks or legends from such material. You may not distribute these materials to others. Any other use is prohibited unless you first request and obtain our written permission. In particular no one may use a part of the Site or any Local site on any other website, or link any other website to the Site or any Local Site, without our prior written permission or the consent of the relevant HSBC Group member.
Content from a third party provider available on or through the Site or any Local Site may not be duplicated, distributed, published, transferred, transmitted, copied, altered, sold, used to create derivative works or otherwise misused. You must comply with all terms disclosed to you as required from time to time by any third party supplier of data or services to the Site or any Local Site, including but not limited to, where necessary, entering into a direct agreement with such third party in respect of your use of their data.
You may not use the Site or any Local site for any purpose which is unlawful, abusive, libelous, obscene or threatening.
HSBC is a trademark of the HSBC Holdings plc and all rights in and to HSBC vest in HSBC Holdings plc. Other than as provided above you may not use or reproduce the HSBC trademark, logo or brand name.
Not intended for children
The Site is not intended for use by minors.
Governing law
The Terms are governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and the courts of the above jurisdiction will have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any dispute, which may arise.
Thomson Reuters data
Reuters content is the intellectual property of Thomson Reuters or its third party content providers. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters shall not be liable for any errors or delays in content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. "Reuters" and the Reuters Logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies.
Social media
HSBC Holdings plc and other members of the HSBC Group may from time to time operate channels, pages and accounts on some social media Sites to inform, assist and engage with customers and other users. Each operator of such a channel, page or account (be that HSBC Holdings plc or a HSBC Group Member, as indicated ) is responsible for such channel, page or account in accordance with the terms of use displayed on or linked from that channel, page or account. To see the full terms of use relating to our social media channels, pages and accounts please visit the relevant channel, page or account. In addition, please note the following general terms which relate to our social media channels, pages and accounts:

We may monitor and record comments and posts made on these channels about the HSBC Group so that we can improve our services. 
We are not responsible for any information posted on those Sites other than information we, HSBC Holdings plc, have posted ourselves. We do not endorse the social media Sites themselves, or any information posted on them by third parties or other users. 
HSBC Holdings plc does not offer financial services or products and our operation of such social media channels, pages and accounts does not constitute an offer of any products or services provided by any of the HSBC Group members.  We don't give investment, tax or other professional advice via social media Sites. You should always seek independent advice before making such decisions. 
When you engage with us via social media your personal data may be stored on that social media Site's servers, which are outside our control and may be in the US or elsewhere inside or outside the EU. Any information posted to such Sites may be accessed and read by the general public. It is not an appropriate forum to discuss customers' products or financial arrangements. We will not ask you to share personal, account or security information via social media Sites, and you should not post such information on those channels. 
We regularly update and monitor our social media accounts and welcome feedback and ideas submitted via these channels. We may from time to time join the conversation on our social media channels, pages and accounts, however cannot guarantee to read or reply to all messages sent to official HSBC Holdings plc social media accounts. 
Emerging themes and helpful suggestions are passed to the relevant people within the HSBC Group for consideration, but no guarantee is made that any proposals will be acted upon. 

Data Treasury Corporation (DTC) Licence
HSBC is licensed by DTC under U.S. Patent Nos. 5,910,988; 6,032,137; 5,717,868; 5,774,663; 5,787,403; 5,899,982; 6,594,647; 6,341,272; 5,974,146 and 6,182,052





 Privacy policy
Our privacy statement sets out our current policies and demonstrates our commitment to your privacy.













Contact us



Search

Search





Site navigation



                                        About HSBC
                                    


Our purpose
Our strategy
Leadership
Company history
Structure and network
Advertising
Sponsorship
Procurement
Contact us





                                        Citizenship
                                    


Our values
Diversity and inclusion
Sustainability





                                        Investor relations
                                    


Investing in HSBC
Share information
Dividends
Events and presentations
Stock exchange announcements
Financial and regulatory reports
Fixed income securities
Governance
Investor resources





                                        News and insight
                                    


Media resources
Insight archive





                                        Careers
                                    


Why HSBC?
Explore our business
Meet our people
Application hints and tips
Careers events
Students and graduates
Frequently asked questions



HSBC banking services

Commercial Banking
Global Banking and Markets
Global Private Banking
Retail Banking and Wealth Management





Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Cookie policy 
Accessibility policy 
© Copyright HSBC Group 2015


No endorsement or approval of any third parties or their advice, opinions, information, products or services is expressed or implied by any information on this Site or by any hyperlinks to or from any third party websites or pages. Your use of this website is subject to the terms and conditions governing it. Please read these terms and conditions before using the website.
















