



Google Project Hosting - Google Code

















search code.google.com


 
 
 



Google Project Hosting


Home


Docs


Forum


Terms


 

Google Project Hosting: User Content and Conduct Policy
From time to time, we may modify these policies so please check back here. Also, when applying our policies, we may make exceptions based on artistic, educational, documentary, historical, or scientific considerations or where there are other substantial benefits to the public from not taking action.
1. Sexually Explicit Material: Do not post content that contains nudity, graphic sex acts, or sexually explicit material. Do not post content that drives traffic to commercial pornography sites.
2. Violent or Bullying Behavior: Do not post depictions of gratuitous violence. Do not threaten, harass or bully other users.
3. Hate Speech: Do not post content that promotes hatred or violence towards groups of people based on their race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, veteran status, or sexual orientation/gender identity.
4. Impersonation or Deceptive Behavior: Do not use our products to impersonate other people.
5. Personal and Confidential Information: Do not post other people's private and confidential information, such as credit card numbers or confidential national ID numbers.
6. Intellectual Property: Don't infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, including patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, and other proprietary rights. For more information or to file a DMCA request, please visit our copyright procedures  Help Center at http://www.google.com/support/bin/static.py?page=ts.cs&ts;=1114905.
7. Illegal Activities: Don't use our products to engage in illegal activities or to promote dangerous and illegal acts.
8. Malicious Products: Don't transmit viruses, malware or any other malicious or destructive code. We don't allow content that harms or interferes with the operation of the networks, servers, or other infrastructure of Google or any third-parties. However, we do allow projects that host open source malware code for security reasons, but not binary/downloadable modules.
9. Account Hijacking: Don't access another user's account without their permission. Don't use our products for phishing scams.
10. Child safety: We have a zero tolerance policy towards content that exploits children, including child pornography and content that encourages or promotes sexual attraction towards children.
11. Spam: Spam of all forms is prohibited. Spam includes, but is not limited to, unwanted promotional or commercial content, and unwanted or mass solicitation.
12. Generic File Hosting:  Google Project Hosting is meant for the facilitation of software development and the storage of artifacts related to software development. Storage of data that is not relevant to software development is not allowed without the express permission of Google.
Enforcement of Our Content and Conduct Policy
If you encounter content or a user that you believe violates the above policies, please report it to us by writing a post about the violation on the Google Code Project Hosting Group.
Our team reviews these reports for policy violations. If  a user or their content does not violate our policies, we will not take any action. If they are in violation, we may take one or more of the following actions based on the severity of the violation:

Block all access to the content except by the author
Delete the content
Disable the user's access to one of more Google products
Disable the user's access to his/her Google account
Report the user to law enforcement
If applicable, debit the user's account to refund buyers

 
 


    
    ©Google -
    Google Developers -
    Terms of Service -
    Privacy Policy





