





Zoopla Privacy policy  - Zoopla













































Sign in/Register


MyZoopla






Zoopla
Home





For sale




UK property for sale
UK new homes for sale
UK commercial property for sale
Overseas property for sale
UK estate agents



Smart tools

Travel time search
SmartMaps search



Smart wins with an agent on Zoopla.
Sell or let your property with an agent on Zoopla and you could win £5,000.
Find out more





To rent




UK property to rent
UK commercial property to let
UK letting agents
Holiday rentals



Smart tools

Travel time search
SmartMaps search



Smart wins with an agent on Zoopla.
Sell or let your property with an agent on Zoopla and you could win £5,000.
Find out more





House prices




UK house prices & values
UK area stats
How much is my home worth?
Claim my home






New homes




UK new homes for sale
UK developers



Schemes

NewBuy
Help to Buy
Shared Ownership






Commercial




UK commercial property to let
UK commercial property for sale
UK commercial agents



Smart tools

Office space calculator






Overseas




Overseas property for sale
Overseas agents
Holiday rentals



Smart tools

Currency zone






Agents




UK estate agents
UK letting agents
UK commercial agents
Overseas agents



Smart tools

Get agent valuation
Award winning agents






Advice




Finance centre
Find a Pro
Removal quotes
Move planner
Property news
Property guides
AskMe Q&A



Latest property news


Mortgage lending reaches highest level since 2008

September  1, 2015




House prices creep up 0.3% in August

August 27, 2015




Remortgaging soars to four-year high in July

August 26, 2015

















Privacy policy
Our commitment to you
Zoopla.co.uk is operated by Zoopla Property Group Plc. Zoopla Property Group Plc respects your privacy and is committed to protecting personal information collected from you through our website. This privacy policy governs the way we collect and use information, and by using the services on our website ('Services') you agree to be bound by this policy. All references within this policy to 'we/us/our' refer to Zoopla Property Group Plc.
Information we collect
When you use the Services you will have the option to provide us with personal information, such as your email address, so that we may keep you informed.
When visiting our website, we may place one or more cookies (a small file that is stored by your browser to recognise you and store your preferences) on your computer. This helps us to improve our Services by personalising information you may want. You may adjust the settings on your browser to refuse cookies but some of the Services may not work if you do so. We may also log information from your computer including the existence of cookies, your IP address and information about your browser program in order to allow us to diagnose problems, administer and track your usage of the Services. View our Cookie Policy
How we use information
We use the information we collect to provide the Services and to communicate with you. We may disclose information (including personal information) to other companies in our group and may use and share, within the group, information that we learn from your interactions with us. We will only share your personal information outside our group in the following circumstances:

When you have consented or directed us to share the information.
With service providers or affiliate companies who perform services on our behalf.
In order to satisfy any requirement under the law or to protect our rights or prevent any concerns relating to fraud or security.
In the event of a merger or sale of all or part of our business whereby personal information may be transferred as an asset of the business.

We may share with third parties aggregate information or information that does not personally identify you.
Communicating with you
If you prefer not to receive emails about our Services, you may opt out of such communications by following the instructions at the bottom of any of our emails, or by amending your preferences in MyZoopla.
Third parties
We use third parties to serve advertisements on our website and these third parties may use parties or other means to help measure the effectiveness of their advertisements. Our website may also include links to other unrelated websites and/or contact forms to other unrelated parties which may collect personal information. Our privacy policy does not extend to these third parties or other websites and we recommend that users refer directly to these parties regarding their privacy policies before supplying personal details to these companies. View our Cookie Policy
We may use your Personal Information to customise or enhance your experience on the Zoopla Property Group Network (including the display of advertisements) and communications related to our products or services or those of third parties. In addition, we may share other information we may have about you and your use of the Zoopla Property Group Network (such as which pages you have visited) with third parties for those purposes and for the purpose of facilitating the serving of targeted ads for the Zoopla Property Group Network on other Web sites.
Opting Out of Collection of Information by Third Parties
Zoopla Property Group's third-party ad servers, ad network providers, and third-party advertisers (the "Zoopla Property Group Ad Providers") may provide you with advertisements that you may see on the Services or on other affiliated websites. To improve the relevancy and help measure the effectiveness of such advertisements, the Zoopla Property Group Ad Providers may use cookies, Web beacons, clear .gifs or similar technologies. These are used to record users' activity, such as the pages visited, and to learn what types of information are of most interest to the users.
Zoopla Property Group Ad Providers. Use of these technologies by Zoopla Property Group Ad Providers is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by our privacy policy. For more information regarding the choices you have about these technologies (such as opting-out), click here to learn about Zoopla Property Group Ad Providers participating in the Network Advertising Initiative, and click here to learn about the Zoopla Property Group Ad Providers participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance. The Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance offer some centralized opt-out tools; otherwise you must visit each provider's website individually and opt out.
Zoopla Property Group marketing service providers. If you do not want Zoopla Property Group and its marketing services providers to follow your usage of our Services via cookies and Web beacons, you can opt out of Cookies/Web beacons from: comScore, Google Analytics, Omniture and Yahoo! Opting out of these services does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the service from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your Web preferences and usage patterns. Please note that, if you opt out and later delete your cookies, use a different browser, or use a different computer or other electronic device, you will need to renew your opt-out choices.
Safety and security
Personal information is processed and stored in our databases and we have taken reasonable steps to secure and protect the information under our control, including establishing processes to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure of this information. However, whilst we make every effort to ensure the security of your information, we are unable to guarantee the protection of the information from misuse, accidental disclosure or unauthorised acts by others. Information provided by you may be stored or processed outside the United Kingdom.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time without prior notice to you. Any changes will be posted on our website and become effective at the time of posting. In the event that material changes are made that affect the use or disclosure of your personal information, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of these changes.
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, please Contact us.
This policy was last updated on 19th June, 2014



Need Help?
Please contact us with any queries









        Get exclusive content by following Zoopla on these sites:

        














How much is my home worth?Find out for free.




Search

For sale
To rent
House prices
New homes
Commercial
Overseas
Agents
Advice



Company

About us
Press
Jobs



Resources

News
Guides



Professional

Advertise
ZooplaPro
Widgets
API
Data feeds



Support

Help
Contact us
Privacy
Terms of use
Sitemap








Zoopla Estimates
Street index
Popular areas

© 2015 Zoopla Property Group Plc. All rights reserved.
Data on sold house prices provided by Land Registry/Registers of Scotland. © Crown copyright 2015.













