




Your Privacy and The Register • The Register    























Cash'n'Carrion
Whitepapers
The Channel
The Platform




























                Data Center
            

                Software
            

                Networks
            

                Security
            

                Infrastructure
            

                Business
            

                Hardware
            

                Science
            

                Bootnotes
            

                Forums
            

                Weekend
            













                            Alerts
                        



                            Newsletters
                        



                            Columnists
                        



                            Mobile
                        



                            Video
                        





Astroboffins unearth 13 BEELLION-year-old galaxy far, far, farthest away



Toyota chucks 50 MEELLION BUCKS at AI car tech



America's crackdown on open-source Wi-Fi router firmware – THE TRUTH and how to get involved



Squawk, squawk: Today is Vulture Awareness Day







                            Servers
                        



                            HPC
                        



                            Cloud
                        



                            Storage
                        



                            Data Networking
                        



                            Virtualization

                        



                            BOFH
                        





Oracle's bright new Sonoma SPARCs hint at own-tech cloud



Cognitive computing: What can and can’t we do, and should lipreading be banned?



BOFH: Power corrupts, uninterrupted power corrupts absolutely



Drifting phases and noise in phase-change memory







                            Operating Systems
                        



                            Applications
                        



                            Developer
                        



                            Verity Stob
                        





America's crackdown on open-source Wi-Fi router firmware – THE TRUTH and how to get involved



Photoshop for 40 quid: Affinity Photo pushes pixels further than most



Oracle laying off its Java evangelists? Er, no comment, says Oracle



Want your kids to learn coding? Train the darn teachers first







                            Mobile
                        



                            Broadband
                        





Google to China: Please Play with us, we promise to respect your strict censorship diet – report



NBN vaults Australia into global top-10 … DDoS attack sources



ACCC hopes to SLASH rural backhaul prices



Samsung’s consumer IoT vision – stupid, desperate, creepy








Mind-blowing secrets of NSA's security exploit stockpile revealed at last



Hackers spent at least a year spying on Mozilla to discover Firefox security holes – and exploit them



FTC gives FBI the finger over govt backdoor encryption demands



Reg readers select infosec A-Team to save Ashley Madison







                            Converged
                        



                            Hybrid delivery
                        



                            Software-Defined
                        





Red Hat unleashes EL 7.2 beta on a waiting world



Au oh, there's gold in them thar server farms, so lead the way



The future of IT is – to deliver automation. Discuss



VMware's got just one more thing you need to build a software-defined data center







                            Financial News
                        



                            Small Biz
                        



                            CIO
                        



                            Media
                        



                            Law
                        



                            Government
                        



                            Jobs
                        





Toyota chucks 50 MEELLION BUCKS at AI car tech



America's crackdown on open-source Wi-Fi router firmware – THE TRUTH and how to get involved



Google to China: Please Play with us, we promise to respect your strict censorship diet – report



Mind-blowing secrets of NSA's security exploit stockpile revealed at last







                            Laptops and Tablets
                        



                            Phones
                        



                            Games
                        





Toyota chucks 50 MEELLION BUCKS at AI car tech



America's crackdown on open-source Wi-Fi router firmware – THE TRUTH and how to get involved



The S, Huawei’s new best Mate: Compact and premium – but not cheap



They’re FAT. They’re ROUND. They’re worth almost a POUND. Smart waaatch, Smart waaatch







                            SPB
                        



                            Geek's Guide
                        





Astroboffins unearth 13 BEELLION-year-old galaxy far, far, farthest away



Soyuz docks with ISS, delivers trio of fresh 'nauts



Pioneer slaps 80s LASERS on cars for driverless push



Boffins build magnetic field cloak 'wormhole', could help MRI scanners








Squawk, squawk: Today is Vulture Awareness Day



Daredevil Brit lifts off in 54-prop quinquaquadcopter



Reg reader shares AshMad blackmail email about which he gives 'zero f***s'



WIN a 6TB Western Digital Black hard drive with El Reg









About



The Company





Your Privacy and The Register
What we do with your data






















Team Register




Team Register


                            Get email alert when this author posts
                        
Common Topics


Speaking In Tech,
                            

Cloud,
                            

Apple,
                            

Microsoft,
                            

Google


Recent Articles

Speaking in Tech: It's cold outside, so NASA starts a fire in Spaaace
Norks execute underperforming terrapin farm manager
Han Solo to get solo prequel flick in 2018, helmed by LEGO men





The Register is owned and operated by Situation Publishing Limited
Situation Publishing Limited

Unit 1

Portland Street Trading Estate

14 Portland Street

Southport

PR8 1LJ
The Register strongly believes in the importance of keeping readers' personal information personal. It will never use your information for any use beyond that stated or the permissions you give us.




The Register may collect, process and use your personal data (including your name, postal address, email address, telephone, mobile and fax numbers). We will do so to contact you regarding the services you have requested and/or to offer services to you, and/or to provide the services you have requested. This includes re-registration/renewal notifications, payment processing, surveys on improving our service to you and/or invitations to exhibitions, seminars and shows. The Register may employ trusted third party specialists to process and use your data on our behalf in order to deliver the products and services to you in a more efficient manner.
IP Addresses and Server Logs
The Register site does record IP addresses and produces server logs - as all Web Servers do. This information is used solely for monitoring the volume of traffic the site receives and measuring the number of readers. We do not use the information for tracking the activities of specific visitors to the site.
Cookies
The Register site sets cookies in order to help with the management of its advertising and to enable certain user features. Read all about our cookies, and how to manage them here.
Advertising
The Register runs advertising for a wide variety of organisations. These adverts are served from our advertising servers as well as from third-party advertising servers managed by the advertiser. Recent third-party ad servers include DoubleClick, Atlas DMT and MediaMind.
These ad servers may attempt to set cookies on your computer. All these sites stress that information gathered through these cookies is used purely for the purpose of advert delivery, recording and segmentation. They do not use information gathered through their cookies for their own use, and they do not collect any personally identifiable information.
The respective privacy policies of these ad servers can be found here:

DoubleClick Privacy Policy

DoubleClick also has a cookie opt-out facility here

Atlas DMT Privacy Policy


MediaMind Privacy Policy

If you encounter any problems with advertising please email ads@theregister.co.uk
Email and Online Forms
Readers who choose to subscribe to our headlines-by-email service, or complete any of our online forms, may be asked to supply personal data. If they choose to do so, that information is recorded and used for broad demographic information, which may be used to target advertising. If permission is granted, this information may be used to target specific users with occasional emails informing them about commercial services provided by The Register.
If permission is granted, this information may be used to send occasional emails containing offers from our partners. This will only ever be provided to readers who have specifically given us permission to use their information in this way.
The Register will never use your data for anything beyond the reason stated and the permissions you grant us. To alter the emails which you receive from us, including unsubscribing from all email communications, please visit this page. Make sure that you enter exactly the same e-mail address as you used to sign up.
Register journalists may use your email address to reply to comments that you have posted on our website.
Competitions
Readers who enter The Register competitions will be asked for some personal information, but only to allow us to judge the validity of their applications and to contact them should they be declared a competition winner.
If permission is granted, this information may be used to target specific users with commercial services provided by The Register.
If permission is granted, this information may be used to send occasional emails from The Register containing offers from our partners. This will only ever be provided to readers that have specifically given us permission to use their information in this way.
The Register will never use your data for anything beyond the reason stated and the permissions you grant us.
Mobile Apps
When using comments through The Register mobile apps, login details that are entered within the app are submitted to The Register’s servers and the IP address of all communication with the servers is logged. This IP information is used anonymously in aggregate for generating site statistics, and for ensuring our services are not abused. We do not process login information for any further purpose.
Publishing
We reserve the right to publish emails and letters sent to The Register. If the sender asks that that we don't reveal his or her identity, that information won't be published. We never publish a private email address unless specifically asked to do so by its owner.
Rackspace
Peer 1 hosts The Register's websites. It outlines its regulatory responsibilities here.
Data Protection
Anyone who provides The Register with personal information is given the opportunity to manage how that information is used. This includes opting out of any services and restricting the use of that information. You can do that by visiting this address or by contacting The data controller (Caroline Wilson).
Accessing your Data
Readers of The Register have certain rights under the UK's Data Protection Acts. You can, for instance, ask to be told what information we hold about you in our databases. The Register will provide you with all of the details that we hold about you, both online and offline, upon request.
The Register reserves the right to charge a £10 administration fee for this process. If you would like to request this information please use the contact details below.
Changes to this Policy
As statutory and online requirements change so this policy document may change. Any changes will be highlighted across the site to ensure that all readers have the opportunity to respond to these changes.
Contacting Situation Publishing Data Controller
If you wish to contact Situation Publishing Limited regarding any aspect of the Privacy Policy you should use the following contact details:
By Post
The Data Controller

Situation Publishing Limited

Unit 1 Portland Street Trading Estate

14 Portland Street

Southport PR8 1LJ
By Email

cwilson@sitpub.com





                        Tips and corrections
                    





Whitepapers



Why financial services should be paranoid

                    This research details the latest security threats and types of attacks facing the finance industry today.
                



Demand-driven application control: assuring application performance

                    The evolution of enterprise applications, the data centers in which they reside and the increasing expectations of businesses and end-users on the Quality of Service delivered.
                



Strategy considerations for building a security operations center

                    This paper describes the persistent and evolving IT threat landscape, along with the need for and benefits of building an enterprise security operations center (SOC).
                



Key reasons to use software-defined Storage and how to get started

                    This White Paper examines the range of Software Defined Storage (SDS) approaches, and weighs their potential value and suitability.
                





Most read




Wangling my way into the 4K gaming club with a water-cooled whopper
                





BOFH: Power corrupts, uninterrupted power corrupts absolutely
                





Photoshop for 40 quid: Affinity Photo pushes pixels further than most
                





Mind-blowing secrets of NSA's security exploit stockpile revealed at last
                





America's crackdown on open-source Wi-Fi router firmware – THE TRUTH and how to get involved
                





Spotlight


Oracle's bright new Sonoma SPARCs hint at own-tech cloud



Larry Ellison's yacht isn't threatened by NoSQL – yet



Mad Max: High-octane dystopian desert demolition derby



Sorry, Californians, you can't have this: Asus to build WATER COOLED notebook



TREE-HUGGER? Your WOODEN HAREM is much BIGGER than thought



Viral virus bunfight: Dr Web tested rivals like Kaspersky Lab



West's only rare earth mine closes. Yet Chinese monopoly fears are baseless



Small wonder, little competition: Asus Chromebook Flip



Back to school: Six of the smartest cheap 'n' cheerful laptops



Sponsored links

Cloud Challenged? Get EMC Software-Defined Object Storage
Storage Worries? Get EMC Scale-Out Block Storage
Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts








Follow us
























More content

Newsletters
Top 20 stories
Week’s headlines
Archive
eBooks
Webcasts



About us

Privacy
Company info
Advertise with us
Syndication
Send us news tips



The Register

                Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2015


            

                Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, Edinburgh, San Francisco and Sydney.
            

















