




Geek Net Media | Where Geeks Are The Cool Kids


















Geek Net Media
Where Geeks Are The Cool Kids



Menu
Skip to content
Home









How To Talk To Girls: 5 Tips For Approaching And Sustaining A Conversation With Any Woman


Maybe it’s a romantic relationship you’re after. Maybe it’s just a friendship. Either way it comes down to understanding how to talk to girls because the first step is always initiating a conversation. Starting a conversation with an attractive woman is incredibly nerve wracking for most men. But it doesn’t have to be. Here are…
Continue reading →








Dating For Guys


Am I Too Ugly To Get A Girlfriend?


Guys who wonder, “Am I too ugly to get a girlfriend?” often blame their lack of success with women on what seems like the most obvious culprit – their looks. But unfortunate facial features are rarely the main reason girls aren’t interested in a particular guy. In fact, most times they aren’t even a factor.…





Erectile Dysfunction (ED) / Health And Lifestyle


How To Fix Erectile Dysfunction


Fixing erectile dysfunction starts by understanding the many causes of ED. Contrary to popular opinion, erectile dysfunction can strike men of all ages, and it isn’t confined to men in their golden years. Because there’s such a negative stigma attached to the subject, even discussing the condition with a medical professional can take an enormous…





Dating For Guys / Relationship Product Reviews


Girlfriend Activation System (GFAS) Review – Even Geeks Get Girls?


The Girlfriend Activation System: What Is It? What is the Girlfriend Activation System? Admittedly, the title of the program sounds rather strange. How exactly does one “activate” a girlfriend anyway? The title was probably meant to send a clear message that this dating and attraction course for men is very different from those hundreds of…





Dating For Guys


3 Simple Steps To Getting To Yes With Women


There is a famous how-to sales book called “Getting to Yes”. If only there was such a book when pitching the most important sales pitch in most men’s lives: getting the girl to say yes. It seems so hard to understand women, doesn’t it? If you’re here reading this, I’ll assume you’ve been in a…











3 Often Overlooked Traits Men Find Desirable In A Woman


Thanks to the media and other outlets, many women perceive men to have primitive or Neanderthal needs. They assume that the perfect woman in their eyes would be one who has a smoking hot body, will cook dinner as soon as they walk through the door, won’t complain, and will run into the bedroom at…


January 2, 2015 in Dating For Girls.	






Reverse My Tinnitus Ebook Review – Does The Science Behind Dr. James Phillips And Alan Watson’s Tinnitus Cure Check Out?


Have you come across the Reverse My Tinnitus program lately? If so, you might have some questions about the scientific validity of the system.  After all, the authors make some large claims, and it might seem a bit sketchy upon first reading. That’s why we’ve decided to dig into the science behind the program and…


December 18, 2014 in Health And Lifestyle, Health Product Reviews, Tinnitus.	






Is She Pulling Away?  Why Her Sudden Lack Of Interest May Not Be Your Fault


Regardless of what you do in your relationship, women sometimes act indifferent. At these times, men often notice that sex and even simple cuddling or touching are off the table. It’s important to understand that women are insanely complicated creatures. There may be countless reasons why she becomes cold and distant at any given time.…


October 22, 2014 in Dating For Guys.	






3 Ways To Be Chivalrous And Make Women Want You More


Do women still want chivalry? In today’s day and age, women are no longer the damsels in distress depicted in medieval times. In fact, many things in society are now being run and dominated by women. We no longer need a man to bring home the bacon as we can certainly do everything by ourselves.…


October 19, 2014 in Dating For Guys.	






Is Dressing Skimpy Sexy The Only Way To Get Noticed By Men On Halloween?


Halloween is one of the most popular holidays. It gives people the chance to dress up as some of their favorite characters and get a lot of free candy. However, a common trend is currently developing among most Halloween costumes. Any woman who has recently gone Halloween shopping knows that every type of female costume…


October 14, 2014 in Dating For Girls.	






The Best Way To Meet Women In A New City


When you’re in a new city, meeting women can seem like a daunting task.  You may feel alone when you aren’t familiar with your surroundings, but remember, women are everywhere. No matter where you are, on a typical night out, you will most likely find two types of men.  The first one is the super-stressed…


October 8, 2014 in Dating For Guys.	






Why Did She Put Me In The Friend Zone?


No man wants to be friend zoned by a woman he’s attracted to.  As a result, I would like to address this issue today. A guy recently told me that he had approached his long-time female friend to express just how much he had grown to love her over the years.  After hearing the statement,…


October 7, 2014 in Dating For Guys.	




 
Search



  Recent Posts 

How To Talk To Girls: 5 Tips For Approaching And Sustaining A Conversation With Any Woman


Am I Too Ugly To Get A Girlfriend?


How To Fix Erectile Dysfunction


Girlfriend Activation System (GFAS) Review – Even Geeks Get Girls?


3 Simple Steps To Getting To Yes With Women


Recent CommentsArchives 
August 2015
July 2015
April 2015
January 2015
December 2014
October 2014

Categories 
Dating For Girls

Dating For Guys

Erectile Dysfunction (ED)

Health And Lifestyle

Health Product Reviews

Relationship Product Reviews

Tinnitus


 



Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Expound by Konstantin Kovshenin 





